Chuck Norris dosn't rock and roll; rock and roll Chucks Noris'
Chuck Norris' earwax is used by the U.S. Airforce as the radar deflecting final polish on the B-2 Spirit stealth bombers.
One thing Chuck Norris cannot do, is tenderizing meat, once he tried it it got pulverized.
Some people show off by ripping phone books in half. Chuck Norris can rip them back into one piece.
Chuck Norris once made a snowman....out of rain.
Chuck Norris and the Terminator recently ran into each other. The Terminator asked "what's up, boss"?
Chuck Norris CAN whisper bloody murder. Damn it.
If Chuck Norris was a teacher, he could literally blow your mind. Dont take his class if you want your brain. xD
What goes on in Vegas stays in Vegas. What goes on in Chuck Norris' bedroom will haunt your dreams forever.
when Chuck Norris is asleep the sheep count him
Chuck Norris is so fast that when he stops he has to wait for his shadow to arrive.
When Chuck Norris first saw his reflection, he was shocked to see that there is another man as manly and good looking as him. So he said "boo" and the relfection promptly rolled over and died.
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? Fucking ALL of it.
Little Chuck Norris would bring a carving knife to play 'duck duck goose'.
Chuck Norris' penis can shoot like a AR-15. well damn i wish i had 1 of those penises.
Chuck Norris can find the limit of an oscillating function
The One ring from LOTR is an undigested cheerio that Chuck Norris had for breakfast.
Chuck Norris invented the alphabets cos he was tired of being the only man with education.
Chuck Norris does not navigate through a corn maze... The corn merely realigns itself in chucks favor out of fear of being roundhouse kicked in the ears!
The city of Pompeii was not destroyed by a volcanic eruption, but rather an eruption from Chuck Norris after having eaten a truckload of Southern Homestyle Chili.
The formation of The Universe began when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the singularity.
As a rule, on weekdays, Chuck Norris eats lunch at Home Depot. That's why his farts smell like rusty roofing nails soaked in turpentine.
Chuck Norris has won the fifa world cup 5 times with his game face alone.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Trivial Pursuit with one roll of the dice, and without answering a single question... just a nod of the head, and a stroke of the beard.
In back to the future 4 Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the Delorean back. This also gave Micheal J Fox Parkinson's.
If you look into Chuck Norris' eyes for a few seconds, you will feel a little pee coming out.
Chuck Norris' amps used to go to eleven, but he recently hot-rodded them so they now go to infinity.
Multiple people have died from Chuck Norris giving them the finger.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to milk cows. They milk themselves because they were scared of Chuck Norris
The bars never go down on Chuck Norris's at&t phone unless those bars want to live.
When Chuck Norris walks into a bar, he automatically owns all the women inside and instantly has an infinite tab.
Chuck Norris EATS three packs of cigarettes a day.
Chuck Norris does not walk dogs, his cats do.
There is nothing to fear but fear itself. Oh, and Chuck Norris.
Jimmy Hoffa owed Chuck Norris money.
Chuck Norris don't know you from a bar of soap. However, he can easily murder you with one.
Chuck Norris wishes you a Roundhouse Kicking New Year!
Chuck Norris can make a depressive manic.
"If it bleed... we can kill it" Chuck Norris on the set of Predator trying to steal Arny's job.
Until today, nobody knew that Chuck Norris' grandmother was the first Navy Seal.
Chuck Norris' family crest is a picture of a baracudda eating Queen Elizabeth.
Chuck Norris has the powers of the force, but NOBODY knows
Chuck Norris once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger. By yelling "Bang!"
Duffle bags are jealous of Chuck Norris' scrotum.
Mr johnson is the only one who can overtake Chuck Norris in a moped race. Chuck Norris then dropkicked him continusly and killed him.
CHuck norris has eyes on the bottom of his feet
Chuck Norris is the 1st playboy playmate
George Thorogood was inspired by Chuck Norris, when he composed "Bad to the Bone".
Fifty Shades Of Grey was originally about Chuck Norris' back hair.
lightening struck Chuck Norris... he struck back
Chuck Norris once rammed a banjo up a bull's butt, and then hit it.
Chuck Norris went to the virgin isles and when he came bak they were just called the isles
Chuck Norris can push the trigger.
Chuck Norris once made his Kindergarten teacher spit out her gum.
Chuck Norris describes human beings as "a sociable holder for blood and guts".
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked a man in a wheelchair in the ground people dug that fossil up it is now a handicap parking sign but really it is a warning that Chuck is coming
Bob the Builder. Can he fix it? .... Not while Chuck Norris is alive.
Chuck Norris's "Will" will never be stronger than Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris found out his daughter lost her virginity, he went and got it back.
Chuck Norris invented a game called hid and go peek
You will never have to ask if that's Chuck Norris behind those Foster Grant sunglasses. Chuck Norris has no need to wear sunlasses. And there is nothing that would dare to even attempt to get infront of Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris directed Two Girls One Cup
Chuck Norris has a deal: no paparazzi ever take pictures of him or follow him, and he won't murder that TMZ guy with his own big coffee mug.
Chuck Norris was asked his opinion on Miley Cyrus. Chuck said he wouldn't give 25 cents for her if her twat was gold plated.
Chuck Norris can kill over 9000 ailens, birds, noobs, people with only oen rock
A bird in the hand is worth two in the tree. Chuck Norris is worth six hundred and sixty-six trillion dollars and the Budweiser brewery.
Chuck Norris went ice fishing and caught an igloo, the Titanic iceberg and a dead Polar Bear.
Niagra Falls, is not really a waterfall, It's just what happens when Chuck Norris gets done with a night of drinking.
Chuck Norris is the director of ZOO jurassic park
All ten of Chuck Norris' fingers are middle fingers.
CHUCK NORRIS CAN PLAY HIS XBOX USING A CALCULATOR
Madonna was a quiet unassuming virgin before her date with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris used to throw shoes at Dubya all the time.
Cancerous growths have been found on tobacco plants growing in fields that Chuck Norris had walked through.
Chuck Norris gets a happy ending when strangling mountain lions.
Chuck Norris can play skin banjo without using his hands.
Chuck Norris can achieve full bone in under four seconds.
Chuck Norris doesn't get shocked, the electricity gets Chuck Norris'd
Chuck Norris does not buy snake proof boots,he puts on boots than they are snake proof
When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, he's telling you how many seconds you have to live.
Chuck Norris knows what a tinker is and why they don't give a damn.
Chuck Norris doesn't daydream. He's too busy giving other people nightmares.
Chuck Norris is so tough, he masturbates with sand paper.
every time you say: "Chuck Norris"... Chuck Norris says you
Chuck Norris doesn't have a send button on his email, it knows its role.
If you see Chuck Norris and your heart stops, you're one of the lucky ones.
Chuck Norris is the only man who has hit 5 home runs while playing in the Super Bowl.
The Holy Grail has not been recovered yet because nobody is dumb enough to try to take away Chuck Norris' favorite beer stein.
The term absolute zero refers to the number of people who will survive if Chuck Norris decides to go on an all-out killing rampage.
Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream, If you see Chuck Norris, your fucked.
Chuck Norris is the director of ZOO jurassic park
Chuck Norris never actually gets hit by punches and kicks, he actually is performing a fighting style where he smashes the limbs of his foes with his face.
Chuck Norris killed the greek warrior achilles with a roundhouse kick to his face. Then one night Chuck Norris made a joke he says "Ah-kill-hes face!"
Pound for pound, Chuck Norris is the biggest badass ever.
Chuck Norris swims in active volcanos to cool off.
In celebration of this, the 8000th Chuck Norris fact, Lord Norris decided to give a shit about internet nerds for the first time in his life. It wasn't really worth it, he reportedly said, and immediately went back to murdering people and having constant orgies and being generally badass and awesome.
Despite the fact that Chuck Norris doesn't book with Orbitz, they still send him a check when someone else books a hotel for a less.
Chuck Norris built the hostpital he was born in.
Chuck Norris CAN argue with a man holding a running chainsaw.
Chuck Norris's version of a "chocolate milkshake" is a raw porterhouse wrapped around ten Hershey bars, and doused in diesel fuel.
Chuck Norris won't beat the crap out of you, he'll beat the DNA out of you.
When in Rome, Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicks you in the face wearing a toga.
Chuck Norris jizzes lightning bolts.
Chuck Norris' penis has abs.
Chuck Norris an translate Japanese sign language into Russian Pig Latin.
Chuck Norris never got circumcised simply because his elevenskin is too strong.
Chuck Norris let the dogs out
Notice: Neither you, your wife nor your ex-wife can sue Chuck Norris for the cost associated with hemorrhoid reduction surgery following anal sex with him.
Michael Jordan was recently asked who he thought was the greatest basketball player in the world. His answer? Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris was younger, he wore cowboy boots, had a red beard and could deliver a fatal roundhouse kick. Knowing this one could imply that Chuck Norris has always been awesome.
Chuck Norris enough said
Chuck Norris' dandruff has the same properties as finely crushed glass.
Chuck Norris doesn't t-bag women. He potato-sacks them.
In the beginning there was nothing, then Chuck Norris kicked that nothing in the face and said "Get a job!!"... And that's the story of the universe.
Chuck Norris believes in lethal injection. He just shoves his index finger through your skull.
Chuck Norris was sitting around a campfire with two cowboys. The cowboys were competing to see which one is more hardcore. The first one says," Once, I was charged by an angry bull. I proceeded to jump on its back and kill it by gorging its eyes out." The second says, "Once I was swimming in a river, and an anaconda tried to strangle me. I ripped its head off with my teeth." Chuck Norris just smiled and continued tending to the campfire with his penis.
Those aren't credits that roll after Walker Texas Ranger. It is actually a list of fatalities that occurred during the making of the episode.
Every morning, Chuck Norris gets up and splashes boiling oil in his face to wake him up.
If you sneeze on Chuck Norris, He'll sneeze at you back. Which will blow you away.
Chuck Norris does not leave tips. Waitresses pay Chuck for the privilege of serving him.
As I said before, Chuck Norris was born in the March of 1940. Well, guess what? I found evidence of 5 semi-famous and famous deaths that occurred the next month. Amazing.
One time the Enterprise needed to exceed warp 9 speed, so Chuck Norris round house kicked it. The Enterprise warped out of existence.
DOTA: 1st kill- First Blood 2nd kill- Double Kill 3rd kill- Triple Kill 4th kill- Monster Kill 5th kill- god-like 6th kill- Beyond god-like 7th kill- Chuck Norris-like
It is a well known fact that too many uninformed people, now deceased, took Chuck Norris for granted. It is equally true that all living, well informed individuals take Chuck Norris for granite.
If you look closely, you can see Chuck Norris in the background of every scene in 'Avatar'.
Chuck Norris killed Zeus in a poker game with a roundhouse kick to the face because Zeus was a sore loser and didn't want to give up his lightning.
Chuck Norris tracked down the most boring man in the world, punched him in the face, then ordered him to grow a beard and become an alcoholic.
Chuck Norris won the Tour De France on a stationary bike.
Little-known fact: Chuck Norris taught Ike Turner how to play guitar. And the ancient art of the backhand.
When many people end a threat with "or else," the "or else" is pain or punishment. When Chuck Norris uses "or else," it means horrible death.
Yesterday, while on his way to Wal*Mart, Chuck Norris ran a stop sign...up Steven Seagal's ass.
Most people need a lighter when they burn down a forest. Chuck Norris only needs his ass and his lazer vision.
Every-so-often Chuck Norris will cut a hole into a cement block and proceed to fuck it because he really enjoys "rough sex".
Chuck Norris uses vice drips for clothes pins...and nipple clamps.
Chuck Norris doesn't think-HE KNOWS.
Chuck Norris don't have an adam's apple. He has throat testicles.
Chuck Norris is the first and only person to kill someone on every continent of the world. He achieved this distinction in 3 days in 1972.
Chuck Norris's email address is gmail@chucknorris.com
Steven Seagal recently purchased a Chuck Norris voodoo doll. Just as Seagal was about to stab the doll in the foot with a pin, Chuck Norris himself burst through the door. When Seagal arrived at the ER, he had multiple fractures to his jaw, ribs, arms, pelvis and legs, and a note pinned to his chest: "Don't fuck with Chuck Norris. Or his likeness."
Chuck Norris taught Albert Einstein e=mc^2
If a car's gas tank was filled with urine from Chuck Norris, it would get 1,000,000 miles to the gallon and go to 0 to Mach 3 in 4.4 seconds.
Project managers never ask Chuck Norris for estimations... ever.
Once Chuck Norris had the weakest hand while playing a High stakes game of 7 card stud. The other players were too afraid to tell him, that's how Razz was invented.
Hugh Jackman is an actor. Wolverine. Chuck Norris is real. Now get roundhoused to your next movie...like a man, Hugh Wackman!
Chuck Norris like to do cartwheels up and down the aisles while the plane is landing.
Seconds after you read this joke, Chuck Norris will appear, kill you, your family, and your pets, then he'll go eat some Carl's Jr; and that's just the way it is.
E=MC2 actually means EVERYTHING = Mr. CHUCK NORRIS CHUCK NORRIS!
If you ever hear Chuck Norris humming "Ain't That a Kick In the Head," flee for your life. You don't want to be around to see what happens next.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked PSY in the face Gangman Style.
After masturbation, Chuck Norris cleans off with Sand paper.
Chuck Norris was annoyed by the noise coming from his neighbor's house. So he punched his neighbor in the throat and moved his house over four blocks.
South American tribesmen coat their blowdart tips in Chuck Norris' sweat.
When an episode of Walker Texas Ranger was aired in France, the French surrendered to Chuck Norris just to be on the safe side.
Chuck Norris went back in time and killed all his great-grandparents just to trip everybody out.
The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
Chuck Norris would never swing from a chandoleer. He would devour it in one jump.
Those who say you can't unring a bell never met Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has a distended scrotum due solely to the size of his three testicles.
Chuck Norris's car is fitted with go faster brakes.
Chuck Norris can break one side of a window.
Chuck Norris can burp Haiku verse in hex.
Pauly D from Jersey Shore was at the Dance party where Chuck Norris invented the Electric Slide. His hair is now permanently stuck in a blowout position.
dear 'fuckwillweston' i found ur comment rude so i thought id share with you that i fucked Chuck Norris n he loved it and i also fucked ur mum they both loved my big balls!!!
Chuck Norris can sent packages through email
CHuck Norris doesn't smoke crack. He cracks smoke.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a send button on his email, it knows its role.
Everytime you jack off, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks a mexican baby.
Chuck Norris can change the font of a dot.
The buck stops at Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is the reason Jenny's afraid to leave the Block.
Arnold was elected for governor of California because Chuck Norris voted for him.
Chuck Norris can count to 577 on his toes.
Chuck Norris' daughter lost her virginity. . .he got it back
Why do so many rock stars die at age 27? Chuck Norris
Those big men escorting Chuck Norris during public appearances aren't body guards, they're in the Federal Witness Protection Program.
Chuck Norris was breifly considered for the next Batman movie, but after test shoots, it became clear that it's impossible to film the batroundhouse kick and survive.
Chuck Norris....enough said.
If iron and steel can talk, they wanna call Chuck Norris daddy.
Chuck Norris' last name is in the android dictionary
Chuck Norris throws massive Roman orgies for Lent.
James Cameron wanted Chuck Norris to play the Terminator. However, upon reflection, he realized that would have turned his movie into a documentary, so he went with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
On his birthday, Chuck Norris blows out his candles by blinking.
Fort Knox wanted to store gold in Chuck Norris' beard - but Chuck Norris' beard makes gold rust.
Chuck Norris' organ donor card also includes his beard.
The customer is always right...except when Chuck Norris owns the business.
The high tide occurs when Chuck Norris flies over the beach. the rising water is where god pees his pants
Chuck Norris is your father!
Chuck Norris once tried to defeat Garry Kasparov in a game of chess. When Norris lost, he won in life by roundhouse kicking Kasparov in the side of the face.
Chuck Norris doesn't fear death, death fears him
Chuck Norris doesn't daydream. He's too busy giving other people nightmares.
After a pick up game of basketball, Chuck Norris made 42 baskets out of 30 attempts.
Chuck Norris farted once... and then there was the great Rift Valley
In museums, Chuck Norris is allowed to touch the artifacts.
Chuck Norris can lose his king and still win a chess game
Who are the gay dudes talking shit about Chuck Norris?
Chuck Norris started shaving at six months
The Revolution will be televised on Chuck Norris's television.
Want to end illegal immigration from all corners of the world? Four words: Chuck Norris, INS Commissioner.
Old Spice uses Chuck Norris bodywash
Chuck Norris doesn't use Oracle, he is the Oracle.
wile hiking in the mountains, Chuck Norris came face to face with a bear. so to avoid be atacked and killed the bear played dead.
Chuck Norris doesn't obey the law HE IS THE LAW!
When the master chief was punching grunts (from halo) Chuck Norris was destroying covenant carriers
Chuck Norris is unstoppable in all games of Call of Duty
Chuck Norris uses vice drips for clothes pins...and nipple clamps.
the popular videogame "DOOM" is loosely based around the time satan borrowed two bucks from Chuck Norris and forgot to pay him back
Chuck Norris' penis can roundhouse kick the inside of a vagina
Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now just called The Islands.
Chuck Norris recently won the World Horseshoe Pitching Tournament while they were still attached to a Clydesdale.
Chuck Norris gave out the location of Osama Bin Laden!
Chuck Norris doesn't have a shadow anymore because he roundkicks a wall if it appears
Each time you rate this, Chuck Norris hits Obama with Charlie Sheen and says, "Who's winning now?!"
Chuck Norris know's Victoria's Secret.
A meme ( /&#712;mi&#720;m/; MEEM) is "an idea, behavior or style that spreads from person to person within a culture." A meme acts as a unit for carrying cultural ideas, symbols or practices, which can be transmitted from one mind to another through writing, speech, gestures, rituals or other imitable phenomena. Supporters of the concept regard memes as cultural analogues to genes in that they self-replicate, mutate and respond to selective pressures. The word meme is a shortening (modeled on gene) of mimeme (from Ancient Greek m&#299;m&#275;ma, "something imitated", from mimeisthai, "to imitate", from mimos "mime") and it was coined by the British evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in The Selfish Gene (1976) as a concept for discussion of evolutionary principles in explaining the spread of ideas and cultural phenomena. Examples of memes given in the book included melodies, catch-phrases, fashion and the Chuck Norris.
A blind man once stepped on Chuck Norris' shoe. Chuck Norris asked, "Don't you know who I am? I'M CHUCK NORRIS !!!!!" The mere mention of his name cured the man of his blindness. Sadly the first, last, and only thing this man ever saw, was a fatal roundhouse delivered by Chuck Norris. DONT FUCK WITH CHUCK !
Faster than a speeding bullet... More powerful than a locomotive... Able to leap tall buildings in a single bound... These are some of Chuck Norris's warm-up exercises.
Chuck Norris' favorite sexual position is Chucky-style.
Chuck Norris is personally responsible for global warming, but it seems no one can convince him to go on a diet who actually lived to tell us if he would consider lightening his daily intake of barbecued rattlesnakes and beans.
There are lesser apes and greater apes. Chuck Norris is the greatest apes of them all.
Goons, thugs, assasins, and maniacs wanna be called Chuck Norris
Bigfoot has a picture of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can satisfy any woman at any time just by looking at her.
Gold is worth its weight in Chuck Norris
Bruce the bad assed bouncer at Planet Hollywood mouthed off to Chuck Norris and now known simply known as the guy who bounced off Chucks fist.
The truth will set you free. Unless Chuck Norris has you, in which case, forget it buddy!
Chuck Norris got pulled over by a cop once. The cop was lucky to leave with a warning.
Chuck Norris can eat breakfast in McDonalds after 11:00am
Chuck Norris declined an invitation to compete in the World Pepper and Chilli eating contest, saying he isn't in the mood for overindulging in candy.
Clint Eastwood to Chuck Norris: Ask yourself, "Do I feel Lucky?Well, do you , punk? Chuck Norris with piercing hollow stare. You do know who I am, right? ...... Pow! Thud! " maybe you need to talk to the foot.
Chuck Norris protocol design method has no status, requests or responses, only commands.
Chuck Norris can flush his toilet by simply scowling at it.
If you pray for Chuck Norris to die, Chuck Norris will immediately find and kill you, which means you actually prayed for Chuck Norris to kill you, because Chuck Norris will live forever.
Chuck Norris was banned from the show Survivor, his primal instincts take over; he killed and ate 5 players. Survive to Chuck Norris means something different.
Chuck Norris can jump...without leaving the ground.
Chuck Norris once created a rock so heavy that even Chuck Norris couldn't lift it, then he lifted it anyway, just to show the who the fuck Chuck Norris is.
Chuck Norris walks into a bar. The bar says ow.
Chuck Norris' sperm is so badass, he had sex with Nicole Kidman, and 7 months later she prematurely gave birth to a Ford Excursion.
Chuck Norris can make a hockey puck dissolve in his mouth in less than 15 seconds.
Chuck Norris has a Grizzly Bear rug laid out on his family room floor. The Grizzly Bear isn't dead...it's just too afraid to move.
There can be a lot of Chucks. But there can be only one Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with a mixture of iron shavings, industrial paint remover, and wood-grain alcohol.
Chuck Norris once pissed in the woods and it became the Petrified Forest.
Don't bother praying to be saved from Chuck Norris; God was about to ask you the same thing.
Chuck Norris knows the last digit of PI.
If you have read Harry Potter, you know about the unbeatable Elder Wand. It is actually Chuck Norris' used tooth stick.
I owe greeney a tenner but he ain't havin it, lmao!!! Chuck Norris also owes Greeney a tenner and chuck gave it to him cos hes a pussy!!
When Chuck Norris looks into the mirror the mirror shatters because the mirror isn't even stupid enough to get between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris.
An observation by Yoda, "Alive still he was. Then Chuck Norris foot he met".
Yesterday, while on his way to Wal*Mart, Chuck Norris ran a stop sign...up Steven Seagal's ass.
Aliens are real. They are just in hiding because they know that Chuck Norris is waiting!
Chuck Norris oncd spent his entire weekend eating Duracell Batteries. He did this so that on Monday he could crap out a fire-developed tank round to fire at the short bus that drives by his house. He then give the bus a roundhouse kick to the face!
Martin Luther King may have had a dream, but Chuck Norris had a body count.
For Halloween, instead of using pumpkins, Chuck Norris uses Yakuza heads.
Chuck Norris created "INCEPTION" to allow people to believe that they had a fighting chance. That is why Bruce Lee never beat Chuck Norris In "Way of The Dragon"
Homeless people give money to Chuck Norris. The last time Chuck Norris went surfing off the coast of Florida he bit a shark. Chuck Norris doesn't have a problem with alcohol, alcohol has a problem with Chuck Norris. Jimmy Hoffa was last seen talking to Chuck Norris. Fish don't come out of the water because that's where Chuck Norris is. Chuck Norris was in Nagasaki and Hiroshima at the end of World War Two, there were no atom bombs. Christopher Columbus discovered America....because Chuck Norris told him to.
Chuck Norris uses a live Tasmanian Devil to shine his boots.
If Chuck Norris is late, time better slow the fuck down.
Chuck Norris can change the truth #A_Reason_to_laugh
will weston has no balls hes a fucking hermaphrodite. Chuck Norris hates hermaphrodites
Chuck Norris once stopped a runaway locamotive just by glaring at it.
Chuck Norris won the 2014 Pikes Peak Hillclimb in a shopping cart.
Chuck Norris irons his clothes by wearing them.
Chuck Norris commits armed robbery with other people's arms.
Chuck Norris was featured on wheel of fortune all people did for the past 30 minutes was stare at a wheel not stopping
Chuck Norris's spinning back-fist was the inspiration for the centrifuge . They just had to slow it down .
Chuck Norris was not made by god.God was made by Chuck Norris
The only thing that Chuck Norris can't do is smell his own farts.
Chuck Norris quit his NRA membership because he thought they were too Liberal.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff AND the deputy.
Chuck Norris is the true Sultan of Swing. He also gets his money for nothing, and his chicks for free.
Chuck Norris taught Jesus how to grow a beard.
Chuck Norris knows your secrets.
Chuck Norris started the joke which started the whole world crying
For most people, anger is simply a state of mind... For Chuck Norris, it is state-of-the-art.
After Chuck Norris uses his beard to unscramble eggs, it's impossible for anybody other than Chuck Norris to scramble them again.
Chuck Norris went ice fishing and caught an igloo, the Titanic iceberg and a dead Polar Bear.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris cannot fly. He just jumps and chooses when to come down.
why did the chicken cross the road.....it didn't Chuck Norris threw it
Stephen Spielberg and George Lucas both witnessed Chuck Norris survive a nuclear explosion in an ice box.
Chuck Norris puts out his cigars in the nearest person's eye socket.
the reason why babies cry when they are born is because they know they've been brought into the same world as Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris invented a new kind of oil. Cruel Oil.
The Drummer for Def Leppard's only got one arm. Chuck Norris needed a back scratcher.
Santa needs an army of elves and a team of reindeer to produce and deliver presents for the world. Chuck Norris could do the same with no help whatsoever.
Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at KFC. He got one.
If you see Chuck Norris picking his nose, its best not to say anything.
Chuck Norris ALWAYS has a gun in his pocket. He is never happy to see you.
Chuck Norris' left buttocks can bench press 537 pounds while his right buttocks picks his nose.
Chuck Norris can be gay. He is.
Chuck Norris doesn't need contact lenses. He'll just shoot two woks.
Arnold was elected for governor of California because Chuck Norris voted for him.
Chuck Norris did not invent the chambers grip, I, Joseph Chambers Molden invented the Chambers !!!!!! jacksons gay!
Sharks don't bite people when Chuck Norris goes for a swim.
Chuck Norris kicked-in The Amazing Kreskin's face. Thus proving a Chuck Norris attack to be an unpredictable life event.
Chuck Norris once took a crap on a crap table.. and won nine million dollars.
Chuck Norris doesn't care about complex numbers ... nothing is complex for him!
Chuck Norris can hear and speak sign language.
Chuck Norris can murder you with his tonsils.
Chuck Norris wears glasses to protect the sun.
Chuck Norris can tell time on a compass.
Chuck Norris watches the Watchmen...
"An apple a day keeps the doctor away" Chuck Norris can keep the doctor away with a cheeseburger.
Once at a college frat party, Chuck Norris copleted a 2 1/2 gainer in tuck position from a chandelier into a punch bowl.
Chuck Norris went bungy jumping without a harness.
Satan worships Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once punched Jean-Claude Van Damme in his career.
when a robber steal stuff from people they say its like taking candy from a baby. but when they steal from Chuck Norris it's not as easy as they think.
Chuck Norris once shot a cannon out of a clown.
Chuck Norris' dandruff has the same properties as finely crushed glass.
Chuck Norris once rode a bull for 6 hours. He then ate it raw.
Chuck Norris once killed a man by throwing a suggestion at him!
some say that Chuck Norris can see his own forehead
When Chuck Norris was 5, he got 2 wheeler like his friends. . Their 2 wheelers were bicycles, Chucks was a Harley.
Chuck Norris can taste lies.
Chuck Norris doesn't own a t.v. because when Chuck is around, he is the center of attention.
Chuck Norris was supposed to guest star on the Walking Dead but had to be cancelled. The walkers would not stop running from Chuck.
Chuck Norris once swam the English Channel in 10 minutes while pulling 3 oil tankers with his teeth. Upon Chuck's arrival in France, the French immediately surrendered.
Chuck Norris once performed delicate brain surgery on a man on top of a speeding bus, while wearing boxing gloves and recieving a blowjob from two women.
Anthony Weiner resigned from congress and immediately committed suicide after learning that he had also accidently sent a twit to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris found the i in team, them promptly gouged it out.
Chuck Norris declared checkmate against the 2012 chess champion Viswanathan Anand in under 4 moves. Using only the boot from monopoly.
Betty Davis has Chuck Norris eyes
Most people get their heat from the sun, the sun gets it heat from a single Chuck Norris roundhouse kick
Chuck Norris's second child is Tim Tebow
Chuck Norris was the demon in "paranormal activity." and the demon in "the exorcism of emily rose" and "the exorcist." thanks chuck for killing that stupid fuckin micah guy!
Just one dollop of Chuck Norris' elbow grease can keep your car lubricated for up to fourteen years.
we dont live in a ever expanding universe like scientist's say. we just live in a universe that is trying to get away from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris has never been dubbed in any film, because his fists do the talking.
When Chuck Norris became a Texas Ranger, the state was able to save millions by laying off the rest of their police force.
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in god, god believes in Chuck Norris.
Did you know if you watch the editors cut of Wizard of Oz, theres and alternate ending where Chuck Norris round house kicks Dorothys house back to Kansas... it shortened the movie drastically and the director decided not to use it... true story.
Chuck Norris wasn't born, he was ejected from a volcano
Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open and lick his elbow. At the same time
Chuck Norris was expelled from kindergarten. His teacher told Chuck he could not be milk monitor so Chuck climbed up on a chair and knocked him out.
Chuck Norris once looked at an inmovable object and it ran in fear.
After Chuck Norris merciless killed 27 Ninjas while vacationing in Japan, the Japanese government said that he should be hung. His response was, "don't worry about it, I already am".
Chuck Norris inhaled helium and had a much deeper voice.
Chuck Norris can make he planet tilt on its axis simply by shoving a billiard cue into the ground and leaning on it.
Chuck Norris is so passionate, all of his crimes of passion are misdemenor fines that all of his victims/chosen ones will gladly pay for him.
Chuck Norris is the only human being to display the Heisenberg uncertainty principle -- you can never know both exactly where and how quickly he will roundhouse-kick you in the face.
Chuck Norris never cries, in fact he does the exact opposite. His eyes suck in other people's tears.
You can call Chuck Noriss' phone with no caller ID.. But Chuck Norris can & WILL call you right back!
Chuck Norris was in school and got an f later that day he broke every bone in his body
Chuck Norris counted to infinity... twice.
"Oh, so that's why it has been happening!" said the Coast Guard when he realized that Chuck Norris was born in the bermuda triangle.
Chuck Norris cuts his steak with his fist.
Christmas special: Chuck Norris gets infinity presents. Lucky him.
Chuck Norris caused Pompeii to erupt by just going to the lava. He didn't die though cause he's immune to lava.
Chuck Norris's daughter had her viginity taken...............but he got it back
Crime does not pay - unless you are an undertaker following Walker, Texas Ranger, on a routine patrol.
Chuck Norris is the reason waldo is hiding
Want to cure hiccups? Just pretend Chuck Norris is angry at you. As long as that thought doesn't make you die of fright, you'll never have hiccups again.
Chuck Norris has a honorary membership at the UNO.
Chuck Norris rubs mint-scented asbestos on his gums.
Chuck Norris doesn't look at the weather forecast. He DECIDES what the weather will be.
Rattlesnakes FEAR a Chuck Norris bite.
Chuck Norris once developed a severe case of upset stomach after eating an entire live rhino. He had to pull the pin and swallow a live hand grenade just to be able to burp.
When Chuck Norris was asked if he believed that the world was going to end in 2012 he resonded: "Depends how I'm feeling that day."
God stole Chuck Norris' job when he applied...God has been hiding ever since
Jesus shamelessly wore a Chuck Norris beard.
Chuck Norris can beat you up with a grain of sand
"With great power comes a great beard!" - Chuck Norris.
When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade. When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he makes apple juice.
Chuck Norris got a new pet for his birthday. So far, he has taught his Tasmanian Devil to fetch, roll over and sit.
Chuck Norris never actually gets hit by punches and kicks, he actually is performing a fighting style where he smashes the limbs of his foes with his face.
Chuck Norris knows who the fuck is Alice.
Chuck Norris once went to the doctors for a needle, but instead of the needle piercing Chuck Norris' skin, Chuck Norris' skin pierced the needle.
Every Tuesday morning Chuck Norris goes crawling the whole of the Internet with his friends Googlebot and Slurpy.
Every time an earthquake happens, we know that Chuck Norris is banging a chick from Haiti.
Chuck Norris is also known as Donkey Dong Norris!
Chuck Norris owns a squad of Oompa Loompas
Once, Chuck Norris took the "Old Dirt Road". Unfortunately he turned it into a 6 lane super highway.
Alf is actually Chuck Norris' detachable walking, talking cat eating penis.
Chuck Norris can slap a schizophrenic sane.
Chuck Norris doesn't type, the buttons get scared and press automaticly.
The deer and the antelope roam only where Chuck Norris gives them permission to.
Chuck Norris won the Indy 500. On an Exercise Bike.
Before the Boogyman goes to bed at night, he checks in his closet for Chuck Norris.
Five Finger Death Punch and Twelve Foot Ninja are rock bands named after the way Chuck Norris killed a giant ninja.
The only reason Chuck Norris didn't win an Oscar for his performance in "Sidekicks" is because nobody in their right mind would willingly give Chuck Norris a blunt metal object. That's just suicide
Chuck Norris doesn't get sucked away into tornadoes. The tornado gets sucked away into Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was the only professional boxer ever who was allowed to perform fatality moves on his defeated opponents.
Chuck Norris once milked a bull. He then forced Michael Richards to drink it.
Chuck Norris's real father is Jack Churchill.
In a new western movie his fellow actors ride horses. Chuck Norris rides a Velociraptor. Bareback.
Chuck Norris can make you lick your own elbow by twisting you into a pretzel.
Chuck Norris does not own a stove, oven, or microwave , because revenge is a dish best served cold.
Originally, the movie Alien vs Predator was called Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. It was canceled because no one wanted to see a movie that is 30 seconds long.
Chuck Norris doesn't celebrate Christmas, Christmas celebrates Chuck Norris.
always face your fears... uless your fear is Chuck Norris, then run for your life!!
Women are magnetically drawn to Chuck Norris' wang. It's actually caused a number of horrible injuries.
The sun doesn't shine on Chuck Norris. If it did well you know when a solar eclipse is coming.
If a tree falls in the woods, not only did Chuck Norris hear it, he probably kicked that motherfucker over too.
If you ever make the mistake of going up to Chuck Norris and saying 'what's up?', don't be surprised when he says 'you, asshole' and uppercuts you into the lower ionosphere.
Chuck Norris once swam the English Channel in 10 minutes while pulling 3 oil tankers with his teeth. Upon Chuck's arrival in France, the French immediately surrendered.
Chuck Norris has his Budweiser shaken, not stirred.
When Chuck Norris was little he followed a rainbow. He met a leprechaun and asked for its gold. It wouldn't give it to him. This is why we no longer have leprechauns. "
When Chuck Norris shaves his beard, it grows back within three minutes. That's why his early movies were so damn hard to film.
Chuck Norris doesn't rape... No one says no to Chuck Norris!!
Chuck Norris dosn't use stuntmen, stuntmen use Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once ate a pound of crystal meth, it made him flinch
Chuck Norris once beat Ricky Gervais in a British accent impersonation contest.
The U.S. Coast Guard has approved recordings of Chuck Norris farts for use on all maritime vessels as the preferred fog horn signal.
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. They both were then shot and skinned by Chuck Norris.
Every baby cries when they are born, because an image of Chuck Norris pops into there minds.
When Chuck Norris gets hot, he decides to take a niiiiiiice dip in quicksand.
The Kool-Aid Pitcherman busted through the wall of Chuck Norris' livingroom and said, "OH NOOOOOOOO!".
if Chuck Norris wanted to recycle, he would recycle your face.
Michael Jackson denied Chuck Norris' facebook friend request on June 25, 2009...you never deny Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can make a mole hill out of a mountain.
Jigsaw from SAW once woke up and found a recorded message from Chuck Norris that he will die some hours later cause he can't get free of the room he was trapped in.
Only Chuck Norris knows the truth about Extraterrestial life, God told him, but God also told them about Chuck which is why we never see them.
When Chuck Norris was younger, he wore cowboy boots, had a red beard and could deliver a fatal roundhouse kick. Knowing this one could imply that Chuck Norris has always been awesome.
Chuck Norris doesn't need an OS.
the manny pacquiao-floyd mayweather, jr. fight will only push through if CHUCK NORRIS says so...
When a young Chuck Norris learnt how to swim, he didn't need any floaties or vests. He swam laps with his feet encased in concrete.
Chuck Norris invented the Pygmies by pile driving a few Watusi.
After drinking 5 cups of coffee, Chuck Norris stepped behind a tree and pissed so hard he knocked a Cessna 172 out of the air in mid flight.
Chuck Norris can make a hockey puck dissolve in his mouth in less than 15 seconds.
Chuck Norris built a better mousetrap, but the world was too frightened to beat a path to his door.
No man is an island, except Chuck Norris.Chuck Norris is an island sometimes.
If light is the fastest traveling element known, then Chuck Norris is not an element
When Chuck Norris plays Oregon Trail, his family does not die from cholera or dysentery, but rather, roundhouse kicks to the face. He also requires no wagon, since he carries the oxen, axels, and buffalo meat on his back. He always makes it to Oregon before you.
Chuck Norris can sing in a bass voice that makes Barry White and Lou Rawls sound like members of The Chipmunks by comparison.
Chuck Norris will hit you so hard that your blood will bleed
When Chuck Norris found out his daughter lost her virginity, he went and got it back.
Chuck Norris is the last moeheican. And the first one.
Chuck Norris relaxes in his acid bath to the soothing strains of Norwegian black metal.
Chuck Norris got mad at a hamer and round house kicked it in to the first sluge hamer
Chuck Norris doesn't needs try-catch, exceptions are too afraid to raise.
Chuck Norris kicked the sparkles right off of Edward Cullen.
For Spring Break '05, Chuck Norris drove to Madagascar, riding a chariot pulled by two electric eels.
"The Most Intresting Man in the World" asks Chuck Norris for advice.
One day a jew accidently stepped on Chuck Norris his shoe. It was his favorite shoe. So Chuck created Hitler.
Big Brother in Orwell's 1984 was really Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks the snot out elephants & hangs them on the ceiling for birthday party decorations.
Throughout his life, Chuck Norris has been widely acknowledged and praised for the extreme realness with which he kept his shit.
Chuck Norris relaxes in his acid bath to the soothing strains of Norwegian black metal.
Chuck Norris can flip a pan using a pancake
When Chuck Norris tries to kill himself, he always dodges the killing blow 'cause he's that awesome.
Chuck Norris can kill you with his eyebrow.
If you have five dollars and Chuck Norris is broke, Chuck Norris has more money than you.
In the beginning, there was nothing. Then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the universe in the face and said "get a job".
Chuck Norris does not use spell check. If he happens to misspell a word, Oxford will simply change the actual spelling of it.
Chuck Norris can deflower a virgin more than once.
Chuck Norris made a turkey by catching a live one, eating it,and throwing it up.
If you waste even one second of Chuck Norris' time you will spend eternity in hell.
Chuck Norris' wife didn't take his name after they were married. She took it after their engagement.
Chuck Norris once commented, "There are few problems in this world that cannot be solved by a swift roundhouse kick to the face. In fact, there are none."
According to the Bible, God created the universe in six days. Before that, Chuck Norris created God by snapping his fingers.
if Chuck Norris was a Spartan in the movie 300, the movie would be called 1.
You know why Chuck Norris-movies suck? Because the movies are nervous about Chuck Norris in 'em.
Chuck Norris sits on his tv and watches the couch.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
Chuck Norris's recessive genes dominate everyone else's.
Chuck Norris? never heard of her.
Chuck Norris killed all the dinosaurs and burried the corpses.
Chuck Norris dosn't eat submarine sandwiches, he eats submarines...
How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris, not the box jellyfish of northern Australia, is the most venomous creature on earth. Within 3 minutes of being bitten, a human being experiences the following symptoms: fever, blurred vision, beard rash, tightness of the jeans, and the feeling of being repeatedly kicked through a car windshield.
Chuck Norris got a blackjack with only one card
Chuck Norris has erotic three-ways with life and death on a daily basis
Chuck Norris ate Hannibal Lecter
Chuck Norris can't rob a store, because everything on earth belongs to him!
Hello Kitty has stubby arms because Chuck Norris was feeling hungry.
Death only exists because Chuck Norris allows him to live.
Chuck Norris named the Dead Sea. He also swam to the bottom of it.
Chuck Norris always knows the EXACT location of Carmen SanDiego.
Someone took Chuck Norris' daughters virginity.....Chuck Norris got it back!!!!
Chuck Norris can call himself on his own cell phone and not get a busy signal.
Chuck Norris' motto: "The difficult I do immediately. The impossible takes 3 seconds longer".
When Chuck Norris throws a game of 'Washers' he uses a Maytag.
It isn't uncommon for grown men to wet themselves in Chuck Norris' terrifying, musk-scented presence.
Chuck Norris does sleep. He sleeps with his eyes wide open and a very big grin.
Chewbacca says "Sir" to no one except Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris was surfing and had an unfortunate encounter with a Great White Shark. It was unfortunate for the shark, as Chuck punched its teeth out and gave it a wedgie with its dorsal fin.
Chuck Norris suckled from the teat of murder.
Chuck Norris filmed the making of the first camera.
Every convicted killer in the history of the world has been innocent. They were all just covering for Chuck Norris.
America's next top model is really a competition of who gets to have Chuck Norris's child.
Chuck Norris threw his first paper aeroplane age 4... It landed yesterday.
Chuck Norris once round house kicked a retarded kids bus, and it became the first smart car.
When Chuck Norris was 5, he went to the Mall to see Santa. Santa asked "what would you like little boy, a train set? A bike? Chuck replied "no Santa, I want a rocket launcher".
How many Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick does it take for a nuclear explosion? 2
Chuck Norris has won the Publisher Clearing House 1 million a year for live every year for the last ten years. But he has never entered their contest.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then it's beef.
Chuck Norris has a deal: no paparazzi ever take pictures of him or follow him, and he won't murder that TMZ guy with his own big coffee mug.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story: Chuck Norris once ate a whole turtle and when he crapped it out it was six feet tall and had learned karate.
While vacationing in Japan, Chuck Norris shot a hole in one at Pebble Beach.
Chuck Norris once killed a postman.He then waved his finger side to side and said "hey buddy only i deliver round houses, got it!"
Chuck Norris gets 10 hours of sleep every night between midnight and 4 a.m.
Chuck Norris invented black, in fact,, he invented every color except for pink. Tom Cruise invented pink
Chuck Norris made the Grand Canyon because he coughed "Just Once"
Jesus wears a WWCND bracelet !!!!!!! What Would Chuck Norris Do....
Chuck Norris roasts marshmallows by holding them near his groin for less than 30 seconds.
Chuck Norris is who tells Fatcat to go to bed at 7:30 PM
Believe it or not, CHUCK NORRIS IS RIGHT BEHIND YOU!
Chuck Norris kills the elephant in the room.
kids piss there name n snow Chuck Norris pisses his name in concrete
Chuck Norris is the only man alive that can fly a helicopter up-side-down. He uses it to trim his shrubs.
Barack Obama recently stated that he considers it 'a great honour and privilege' to shine Chuck Norris' shoes every Wednesday.
Chuck Norris was once in a car accident and broke both of his legs... He still managed to walk it off.
Chuck Norris fucked me one day and it sucked Brad fucked me and is was AMAZING
As a rule, on weekdays, Chuck Norris eats lunch at Home Depot. That's why his farts smell like rusty roofing nails soaked in turpentine.
When there is a thunderstorm and you see lightning, Chuck Norris follows it with by clapping his hands, causing thunder. There is no Mother Nature, only Chuck Nature.
Chuck Norris made Eminem back down.
Chuck Norris is known to jump out of televisions and roundhouse kick the viewers for no reason at all. Extreme caution is advised while watching any shows involving Chuck Norris.
A leisurely Sunday afternoon drive with Chuck Norris is like the first time a teen plays Grand Theft Auto.
Chuck Norris can sing in a bass voice that makes Barry White and Lou Rawls sound like members of The Chipmunks by comparison.
When Chuck Norris turned nine he finally kicked his parents the fuck out of his house.
Chuck Norris had nasal sex with Barbara Streisand
Chuck Norris does not have a shadow... nobody follows Chuck Norris around
Facebook as got a Chuck Norris account
This little piggy went to the market,this little piggy stayed home,this little piggy went we we we all the way home because Chuck Norris delivered a fatal roundhouse kick to the other piggy.
I got rabies from a bite BY a rabid dog. Chuck Norris bit me and I was cured.
Chuck Norris can understand Charlie Sheen.
Chuck Norris' first car was Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris' driver's license simply shows his shoe size.
Martin Luther King may have had a dream, but Chuck Norris had a body count.
Chuck Norris pees pure arsenic.
The only thing scarier than a black hole is a Chuck Norris.
Before he became Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris was Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is so fast that when he stops he has to wait for his shadow to arrive.
Chuck Norris is blacker than black.
Chuck Norris can alter his DNA so his spawn can go about undetected in the world. So remember that - even if your kid looks and acts just like you, he might still be one of Chuck's, and you will never know until he turns four and runs you over in your own car.
Chuck Norris really wants to hurt Boy George.
Chuck Norris's girlfriend once asked him how much wood a woodchuck could chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood. He then shouted, "HOW DARE YOU RHYME IN THE PRESENCE OF CHUCK NORRIS!!!!" and ripped out her throat. Holding his girlfriend's bloody throat in his hand he bellowed, "Don't fuck with Chuck!" Two years and five months later he realized the irony of this statement and laughed so hard that anyone within a hundred mile radius of the blast went deaf.
The only child ever to survive a roundhouse kick by Chuck Norris was Gary Coleman. He has not grown since.
If, by some incredible space-time paradox, Chuck Norris would ever fight himself, he'd win. Period.
A child once got a Chuck Norris action figure for his b-day and he made the mistake of calling it a doll... he hasn't come out of the coma yet
Tigers developed stripes as an evolutionary strategy. Chuck Norris made them an endangered species anyway.
In Texas they give the condemned inmate on death row an option..firing squad or Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't drive, because all roads lead to Chuck Norris.
Heard of a love triangle? Chuck Norris is currently involved in several love octagons.
When in Rome, Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicks you in the face wearing a toga.
The Mona Lisa is based on a peice of toilet paper used by Chuck Norris.
Once Freddy Kreuger went to Texas, Chuck Norris appeared in his nightmares
Chuck Norris pisses gold and craps chocolate.
Late at night, Chuck Norris was once walking back home alone after watching a Chuck Norris movie. A mugger approached him from the back, tapped on his shoulder and said "Hey, gimme your money!". Chuck Norris slowly turned around, paused for a while and gave the mugger a sarcastic smile. He then proceeded to rape the mugger anally, crush his skull, break his spine and killed him in a fraction of a second. Chuck Norris then brought the mugger back to life and then broke each of his limbs, eviscerated the mugger's gut, ate the mugger's still beating heart and infected him with AIDS, killing the unfortunate mugger once again. Chuck Norris then brough the mugger to life yet again for the second time, only to give the mugger a final fatal roundhous kick to his face killing the man and his soul at the same time. Chuck Norris then threw his packed wallet at the remains of his victim and said "Do not tap on my shoulders ever again", and continued to walk home slowly.
Chuck Norris found out about Conan O'Brien's lever that shows clips from "Walker: Texas Ranger" and is working on a way to make it show clips of Norris having sex with Conan's wife.
Cleanliness is next to godliness... and of course, godliness is nowhere near Chuck Norris-ness.
Chuck Norris' family crest is a picture of a baracudda eating Queen Elizabeth.
If a fishes see Chuck Norris swim , they usally drown in fear.
Chuck Norris doesn't need an OS.
Kiri-sute gomen (&#26028;&#25448;&#24481;&#20813; or &#20999;&#25448;&#24481;&#20813;, literally, "authorization to cut and leave" (the body of the victim)) is an old Japanese expression dating back to the feudal era right to strike (right of samurai to kill commoners for perceived affronts). Samurai had the right to strike with sword at anyone of a lower class who compromised their honour. Chuck Norris is the only person on earth who is still allowed to do this.
as a kid Chuck Norris carried out over 11 sucsessful scuicide bombing missions for the u.s. millitary... the most well known was his attack hiroshima
If you knock your drink over at Chuck Norris' house, you will be killed before the drink hits the carpet. Then Norris will catch the glass without spilling a drop anyway.
Chuck Norris designed the first Ed Hardy shirt when he ran out of douchebags to kill.
Chuck Norris was the first actor cast to play John McClane, the movies were originally called "Kills Easily"
Chuck Norris doesn't have sperm, he has tiny white ninjas that have only one mission...seek and destroy.
If Superman and The Flash had a race to the end of the world, Chuck Norris would be the winner.
Compared to Chuck Norris the rock is a pebble.
Chuck Norris once played truth or dare there where no survivors. no one dares Chuck Norris and no one asks Chuck Norris to tell the truth.
Chuck Norris once busted every player in a poker game on the first hand with nothing but a five deuce off suite and his fists.
Chuck Norris lettered in 14 sports in high school. He would have had won letters in 15 if ass-kicking had been an officially recognized sport.
Chuck Norris' idea of a light snack is a big bowl of Fire Ants.
Last year Chuck Norris went to Cannes Film Festival. On seeing him, a huge crowd of fans gathered, chanting "au-to-graph! au-to-graph!" in unison. Not to disappoint his ardent fans, he delivered a lightning fast roundhouse kick to the nearest fan, dropping him dead instantly. Chuck Norris beamed. The terrified fans changed their chant to "NO autograph! NO autograph! NO autograph!". Chuck Norris gave all of them his autograph anyway. Later in the evening he had sex with Gisele Bundchen.
E equals M C squared. Chuck Norris equals death, period.
Recently leaked Government documents confirm that Osama Bin Ladin died at Chuck Norris' hands. Chuck confirmed that Bin Ladins last words were "Chuck Norris, figures".
When Chuck Norris calls you your options are "Answer" or "Answer".
In 1968, Chuck Norris found himself unarmed and surrounded by 2000 Viet Cong troops. They immediately surrendered.
If Chuck Norris is a zombie, your screwed.
Some people like to eat frogs' legs. Chuck Norris likes to eat lizard legs. Hence, snakes.
If you accidentally sit in Chuck Norris' seat at the opera, expect to have a clarinet jammed up your ass by intermission.
Chuck Norris taught Albert Einstein e=mc^2
Chuck Norris can spam faster than anyone in the whole world. The speed is 0. that means infinity words per second.
Chuck Norris rubs mint-scented asbestos on his gums.
Chuck Norris once wrestled a huge alligator for over 9 hours before he realized that he was actually masterbating.
Police label anyone attacking Chuck Norris as a Code 45-11.... A suicide.
Chuck Norris can hover up-side-down in a jet-pack.
Chuck Norris' beerhat is a viking helmet with two kegs.
If you and Chuck happen to be wearing the same clothes, Chuck Norris is better dressed than you.
If you are next to Chuck Norris then you will always have perfect cell phone reception
Chuck Norris and Rick Perry were driving through Texas on a beer dinking binge. And Rick Perry threw a lit cigarette butt out the window.
The Grim Reaper looked at Chuck Norris and was pantsed and round house kicked in the balls, at the same time a new born child was named: Chuck Alfred Norris Tomas, and died instantly.
Willy Wonka ran sewage treatment plant until Chuck Norris pissed in it.
It is said that a watch pot nevers boils, but in Chuck Norris case a watch pot boils in an instance out of fear and retallation from Chuck Norris
Advice for the day: If you have a headache, do what it says on the aspirin bottle: Take two, and keep away from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris will only feed his pet canary, "Twinkles" strictly a diet of live peregrine falcons.
last halloween Chuck Norris carved his pumpkin with an axe! The design? A picture of Chuck Norris carving a pumpkin with a freakin axe!
For some people, waering a beard of bees is considered a great accomplishment. Chuck Norris routinely wears pants, jockstraps and condoms of wasps.
Chuck Norris invented dark matter to fool scientists!
some macians can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim through land
America is not a democracy. It is a Chucktatorship, after Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris ate tiny the tiger for breakfast and it was GGGRRRREEEAAAT!
Chuck Norris doesn't give a fuck if the glass is half empty or half full. He's still gonna round house kick you in the face.
When all else fails.....Chuck Norris doesn't.
Chuck Norris is all about that roundhouse kick, bout that roundhouse kick. No punches.
Chuck Norris can take a shower in his closet
The earth did not end on December 21 2012. But That is not because the Mayans were wrong, but because Chuck Norris had lunch planned for next week. Nothing gets between Chuck Norris and his lunch!
CHUCK NORRIS SMELLS LIKE SHIT
Chuck Norris invented facial piercings back in the 60's when he rammed a hippie head first into a fisherman's tackle box.
In Chuck Norris' world a Grand Slam is simply slamming your face into a large shiny piano.
Chuck Norris made the mayans extinct.
Chuck Norris did not shoot the Sheriff or the Deputy but he did torch thier police cruiser with a flaming porcupine.
Chuck Norris roundhoused a guy so hard he starved to death before he stopped sliding.
Chuck Norris roasts marshmallows by holding them near his groin for less than 30 seconds.
freddie krugar has nightmares about Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can TKO King Hippo in Mike Tyson's Punch Out.
When Chuck Norris was born he roundhouse kicked his way out of the womb
Helen Keller screamed Chuck Norris's name when she had sex.
The Chuck Norris commandments: Thou shalt have no other master than Chuck Norris. (Chuck 1:1)
Chuck Norris loans money to the World Bank.
Only one person ever disagreed that the BIg Bang was the birth of Chuck Norris and survived, Stephen Hawkins
Pluto is actually an orbiting group of British soldiers from the American Revolution who entered space after the Chuck gave them a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris can write Haiku poetry in Hexadecimal without need for Binary Interface tables.
Not even a fictional Chuck Norris elf would ever sing "Dawn we now our gay apparel, Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la".
The guy that God prays to goes to Chuck Norris for forgiveness!
Chuck Norris invented the "Shake Weight" so that one day a woman might have the strength to give him a hand job.
Chuck Norris was at a rap concert once and the rapper told everyone to raise the roof. Promptly afterward he killed the rapper with a swift roundhouse kick to the face. No one tells Chuck Norris what to do.
When he was a kid, Chuck Norris invented an imaginary friend, whom he called 'God'. Everyone got in on the act, and religion was born.
If someone says, nobodys perfect, Chuck Norris takes that as a personal insult.
the 300 spartans would have not stood a chance against the pesians if Chuck Norris had not let them use the "total gym".
When Chuck Norris was born people called him Chucky
Chuck Norris once punched Jean-Claude Van Damme in his career.
The reason why Chuck Norris was made is because hes freaking badass.
Women are magnetically drawn to Chuck Norris' wang. It's actually caused a number of horrible injuries.
Bloody noses happen because Chuck Norris thought about roundhouse kicking you in the face, but then changed his mind.
Tim Tebow prays to Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can beatbox at over 500 bpm.
Chuck Norris can actually "hold up" a bank...with one finger.
The phrase 'balls to the wall' was originally conceived to describe Chuck Norris entering any building smaller than an aircraft hangar.
Chuck Norris had a yo-yo when he was a kid. One night he just got bored with it and threw it up into the sky. Perhaps you've seen it.
Chuck Norris has an 11-inch prehensile tongue.
God helps those who help themselves. Chuck Norris slaughters lazy assholes by the thousand.
Chuck Norris did not look at Tupac or Biggie. He merely looked at them!
Proponents of higher-order theories of consciousness argue that consciousness is explained by the relation between two levels of mental states in which a higher-order mental state takes another mental state. If you mention this to Chuck Norris, expect an explosive roundhouse kick to the face for spouting too much fancy-talk.
Chuck Norris breaks the 2nd law of thermodynamics every time he cleans his house.
The big bang did not create the universe Chuck Norris did with one roundhouse kick
Google queries Chuck Norris' brain for search results.
When there's something bad in your neighborhood... Who you gonna call? CHUCK NORRIS!
Chuck Norris created the All-Spark.
The U.S. Coast Guard has recognized Chuck Norris' gonads and nut sack as a legal personal floatation device.
Never look a gift Chuck Norris in the mouth, because he will bite your damn eyes off.
A doctor once tried to test Chuck Norris' reflexes by lightly tapping on his knee with a small wooden mallet. Needless to say, that doctor is now in orbit.
Just saying Chuck Norris' name will put hair on your chest.
When Chuck Norris runs his finger around the rim of a crystal glass, every dog within a four-mile radius explodes.
Chuck Norris usually prefers to travel on the OUTSIDE of taxis, trains and commercial aircraft.
Chuck Norris went out of an infinite loop.
In a recent study, researchers found that 95% of lesbians would switch for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris invented bacon by throwing a pig through a chain-link fence.
Do you know why Chuck Norris doesn't have hair on his balls.....?????......????? because hair doesn't grow on steel!
Chuck Norris now lives in Eagle Pass. He has a set of balls made out of brass. When they clang together, They cause stormy weather. And lighting shoots out of his ass.
Chuck Norris once took his pet Sasquatch to a Furry Convention.
When E.F. Hutton spoke, people listened. That's because his friend Chuck Norris was ready to throttle any dumbass who wasn't paying attention.
A rogue squirrel once challenged Chuck Norris to a nut hunt around the park. Before beginning, Chuck simply dropped his pants, instantly killing the squirrel and 3 small children. Chuck knows you can't find bigger, better nuts than that.
a long time ago Chuck Norris kicked the world so hard that its still spinning today.
The Chuck Norris family once had a weiner roast in what was formally called the Mojave Forrest.
Chuck Norris has the mind of an Industrial Engineer. Every Sunday after church Chuck Norris picks-up a barrel of extra crispy KFC and a DQ shake from the McDonalds drive-thru. Why? Because nobody denies Chuck Norris anything and McDonalds is closer to his house than Taco Bell.
Submission of Chuck Norris facts is known add inches in males and increased bust size in females.
Stevie Wonder can see what a badass Chuck Norris is.
Chuck Norris uses a stunt double for his crying scenes.
Chuck Norris once punched a guy so hard he regained consciousness in another zip code.
Chuck Norris can head-butt a cannonball back into the cannon it was fired from. Without blinking.
Chuck Norris once used a live rattlesnake as a condom.
Chuck Norris catches chopsticks with flies.
Various pieces of the official Lego Chuck Norris set have choked a record number of kids.
Chuck Norris dosen't obey WeeGee.WeeGee obeys Chuck Norris
The hole in the ozone layer only developed because Chuck Norris decided a darker tan would look good on him.
If Chuck Norris told YOU to jump off a bridge, you should thank him profusely and do it immediately.
Hitler killed himself the year Chuck Norris died... COINIDENCE?!?!?!
Chuck Norris hunts Cape Buffalo with a slingshot.
The hole in the ozone layer only developed because Chuck Norris decided a darker tan would look good on him.
Chuck Norris suffers from a severe case of Stickittodamaneosis.
Micheal Jackson died on June 25, 2009, what investigators did not know was that Chuck Norris was walking down the street 3 minutes after MJ's death.
The Kama Sutra is loosely based on Chuck Norris' experience with his 2nd grade school teacher.
Whenever Chuck Norris visits Vatican city, The Pope comes.
Chuck Norris drives Optimus Prime to work.
Chuck Norris can scare fear.
Chuck Norris was embarrassed the first time he was caught getting a blow job. Miss Douglas, his 5th grade teacher, was even more embarrassed.
Chuck Norris can knock you down with a feather. But he prefers a savage roundhouse kick to the brain.
Chuck Norris talked to himself in his mother's womb.
Chuck Norris exercises on two treadmills running in opposite directions
Chuck Norris eats soup with a fork, KFC with chopsticks, and bananas with his feet.
What was going through the minds of all of Chuck Norris' victims before they died? His shoe.
When david belfirst first invented the telephone there were 2 missed calls from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can slam dunk a bowling ball from the half court line of a tennis court.
You can get up to half a million dollars on the black market if you possess an authentic Chuck Norris pube.
Wheaties are actually sun-dried Chuck Norris boogers.
If you ever find yourself watching a Total Gym infomercial, take comfort in the fact that Chuck Norris will not kill you at that exact moment. However, if you change the channel, all bets are off. The best thing to do is to order twelve of them immediately.
When Chuck Norris was born the Doctor gave him the traditional slap on the butt. Instead of crying, Chuck slapped the Dr. back so hard it knocked him cold.
Chuck Norris will beat you with his nunchucks. Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick you with his Chuck Taylors. Chuck Norris will feed you to the woodchucks. Don't fuck with Chuck!!1
When Chuck Norris was born, the nurses has to shave his chest, legs, armpits, genitalia, beard, fist & toe knuckle hair just to temporarily make him look like a normal baby for his mother.
Chuck Norris is so hot that his fists have sex with his dick.
Yesterday, while on his way to Wal*Mart, Chuck Norris ran a stop sign...up Steven Seagal's ass.
Stephen King refused to write Chuck Norris' biography, as he considered the story too 'scary and gruesome'. An enraged Norris ran him over in a panel van, then framed a hillbilly for it.
Chuck Norris filmed the making of the first camera.
Chuck Norris' best man at his first wedding was Chuck Norris from 5 years in the future. All nine bridesmaids were Norris' future ex-wives.
Chuck Norris has already won the Tour De France whilst sitting on a tortoise's back with no legs. In 2015.
Chuck Norris once had AIDS and cancer - for breakfast.
Chuck Norris holds one of his balls in each pant leg
There is a new unit of measurement called CNRKs [Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kicks]. 1 CNRK is enough to knock out something JUST tougher than 100000 lions. The Big Bang measured at 2 CNRKs, so far the only thing to certainly be more powerful than 1 CNRK. The Tsar Bomb, though, measured at a puny 0.0000327581 CNRKs, and the MOAB at 0.0000000000000000476738295873826782 CNRKs. The regular blink of a regular eye measured at an extremely puny 0.00000000000000000000000[insert 1000 zeroes here]6783758684 CNRKs.
Eskimos club baby seals to death for their fur. Chuck Norris clubs Eskimos for their teeth. That's why you never see an Eskimo with teeth grinning.
Chuck Norris can beat a octopus in an underwater breathing contest.
Jason didn't drown Chuck Norris pulled him under
Chuck NOrris is an incredible sitar player.
Chuck Norris had sex with Hannah Montana AND Miley Cyrus at the same time.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever successfully complete Harvard medical school and Harvard law school.....at the same time.
Wooy Woodpecker died today. Nobody laughs at Chuck Norris.
Darth Vader claimed the Death Star matched the power of Chuck Norris. It was then destroyed....... twice.
Contrary to the urban legend, Chuck Norris' eyes don't glow in the dark. Although on the Sabbath, his nipples do.
Chuck Norris drinks his martini stirred, not shaken
When Chuck Norris throws exceptions, it's across the room.
Chuck Norris has six testicles. They surround his penis like the cylinder of a revolver.
On facebook Chuck Norris is friends with the whole world. Everyone likes his status!
Chuck Norris can do a round house kick on his knees.
Osama Bin Laden wasn't that good at hiding. Obama just had to pay Chuck Norris to go on holiday for one night
There are 5 rules that can be applied to almost every Chuck Norris movie. Rule 1: Chuck Norris never reloads Rule 2: Chuck Norris always hits first Rule 3: You can't run or hide from Chuck Norris Rule 4: Everything he touches becomes a weapon Rule 5: Chuck Norris never miss his targets
If Michael Jackson can moonwalk, Chuck Norris can run on the sun.
When Chuck Norris hits it, he don't quit it until whatever it is dies.
Chuck Norris is so fertile that every time he jerks off into a sock it squeezes out a pair of cowboy boots.
Every woman who has experienced multiple orgasms has one thing in common with all the others: each one was with Chuck Norris at the time.
After its humiliating failure to circumsize a young Chuck Norris, Hurst Performance made a fortune marketing the Jaws of Life to fire departments.
The sun moves across the sky because its running from Chuck Norris.
The Swiss all own a Chuck Norris Army Knife.
The Necronomicon is dedicated to Chuck Norris.
There was once life on Mars. Except they made fun of Chuck Norris. What happened next was a mass extinction.
When Chuck Norris goes swimmimg in the ocean, the sharks panic.
The Bible was originally titled "Chuck Norris and Friends"
Chuck Norris is who tells Fatcat to go to bed at 7:30 PM
The Borg Collective Told Chuck Norris: "You will be assimilated; resistance is futile". Chuck Norris then replied: "You will be inseminated; resistance is futile".
If Chuck Norris ever fell of of a building the groung would move out of his way
when he was a kid, Chuck Norris sold lemonade. and he charge a "arm and a leg" for it, literaly!
Chuck Norris once threw a grenade which killed 50 people...then it exlpoded.
Chuck Norris once threw a 98 yard touchdown pass to defeat the Chicago Cubs, 6 to 0.
Chuck Norris invented tear gas by squeezing the stink out of a skunk.
Chuck Norris found the i in team, them promptly gouged it out.
Chuck Norris called himself Walker because he doesn't need to run to catch all the bandits.
There are no disabled people. Only people who have met Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris usually finishes typing before the words start getting displayed on the screen
Chuck Norris's great-grandson defeated Sabrina with a Level 17 Caterpie. Oh, and it's totally possible. Some person who's less related to Chuck Norris posted a video on his YouTube account which shows him defeating a team of 6 Pokemon with a Caterpie.
Chuck Norris declined an invitation to compete in the World Pepper and Chilli eating contest, saying he isn't in the mood for overindulging in candy.
When in doubt..........Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris rubs mint-scented asbestos on his gums.
Chuck Norris sold 10% proprietary rights of his manly essence to The Jolly Green Giant. Now anybody can open up a can of Whoop-Ass.
Chuck Norris is Bruce Lee's trainer
Chuck Norris once threw a 'block party'. The city of Detroit filed for bankruptcy the next day.
I KILLED CHUCK NORRIS! lol just kidding, Chuck Norris killed me.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a penis enlarger, but he went out and got one anyway. She's 21 and her name is Lucy.
Chuck Norris delights in having BLT sandwiches for lunch! But understandably his BLT's are made of Barracuda, Leaches & Tarantulas nn buttered Texas Toast.
Chuck Norris can walk through a village full of hungry cannibals without concern.
Those closest to Chuck Norris will tell u that umm......well they would tell u much because the closest anybody has ever gotten to him is 650 yards.
Chuck Norris does not kick doors in, they are backing away from him!
Chuck Norris did not call the wrong number.You answered the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris catches up on his paperwork while skydiving.
Of course Chuck Norris banged Dolly Parton when she was in her prime.
Chuck Norris can beat you up with a grain of sand
Chuck Norris owns a chain of toilet companies. When someone used them, instead of taking shit from someone, a foot comes up and ass- rapes them, followed by a roundhouse kick to the face. Nobody ever had the courage to use those toilets again (unless Chuck Norris forces them to!!!!).
Chuck Norris does not have elephantitis on his balls. He is just well-endowed.
Chuck Norris once got in a bullfight with a matador.
Chuck Norris can climb waterfalls..
Chuck Norris can remove a tattoo by using duct tape.
Chuck Norris dosn't dip oreos in milk, Chuck Norris dips glasses of milk in oreos.
When you bet, you are engaging in gambling. When Chuck Norris bets, he is engaging in winning.
Chuck Norris runs on batteries. Specifically, Die Hards.
Chuck Norris is unstoppable in all games of Call of Duty
life < existence < Infinite power < God < Chuck Norris.
Finally, many of you may be wondering why Republican candidate Mike Huckabee couldn't gain the GOP nomination even with help from the great Chuck Norris. We don't know why exactly, but conspiracy theorists may see some tie in with this legend about Norris: Contrary to popular belief, America is not a democracy, it is a Chucktatorship.
Chuck Norris pissed on a truck. that truck is now known as Optimus Prime
One time, Chuck Norris accidentally stubbed his toe. It destroyed the entire state of Ohio.
A long time ago, in a galaxy far,far away.... Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the shit out of somebody.
Simply by visiting this website, Chuck Norris now knows your full name, address, occupation, what you look like and how often you masturbate.
A Chuck Norris stare can literally burn holes through you.
Chuck Norris would buy that for a dollar. But is getting it for free anyway.
Chuck Norris killed Biggie and Pac
In 1960 10 boys in an an Oklahoma Jr High school were arrested for huffing glue & spray paint. One, a young Chuck Norris, was later realeased after police determined he was actually only huffing tear gas canisters.
TV commercials advertise Gorilla Glue. Gorillas repair things with Chuck Norris Glue.
a long time ago Chuck Norris kicked the world so hard that its still spinning today.
Paul McCartney eats a vegan diet all the time -- except when he eats in the presence of Chuck Norris.
when Chuck Norris dies he will attend his own funirel
If Chuck Norris really likes you, he can make a single roundhouse kick last five hours.
Chuck Norris has already been to mars thats why there are no signs of life there
Due to his jet-setting lifestyle, Chuck Norris knows how to say 'Time to die' in over thirty different languages.
What is the difference between a diamond and Chuck Norris? Well one is the strongest substance on earth, the other is just compressed carbon.
Recently leaked Government documents confirm that Osama Bin Ladin died at Chuck Norris' hands. Chuck confirmed that Bin Ladins last words were "Chuck Norris, figures".
Chuck Norris can skydive into outer space.
On a bad day, Chuck Norris will kill you. On a good day Chuck Norris will have only pulled your hemorrhoids out thru your nostrils.
Chuck Norris once carved a big 'CN' on Zorro's forehead.
The reason there are so many Chuck Norrisms is because he has not given people permission to stop writing them.
Chuck Norris once had a zoo, he said that most of it tasted like chicken.
Chuck Norris once visited a convent in the desert. Since that day it has been known as the Bunny Ranch.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks the snot out elephants & hangs them on the ceiling for birthday party decorations.
Chuck Norris invented guns so the rest of us have a fighting chance....
When Chuck Norris wants cookies, he crashes open a computer.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Trivial Pursuit with one roll of the dice, and without answering a single question... just a nod of the head, and a stroke of the beard.
Under Armour asked Chuck Norris to protect their house
None of the world's greatest chess grandmasters will any longer play against Chuck Norris because he always Checkmates them on his first move.
Chuck Norris told the united states that russia was goin to nuc them during the cold war
There is a saying "Only the good die young". Chuck Norris was born before Christ.
Chuck Norris puts the Laughter in Manslaughter.
Chuck Norris Invented Cars so that you can get away from Chuck Norris..... Too bad that cars arent fast enough...us
Chuck Norris's jeans are so tight to prevent excess oxygen from reaching his legs and causing involuntary Roundhouse Kicks.
If Chuck Norris was president, any word he says would make the crowd cheer for him. Wow that guy is one hell of a president.
God creates dinosaurs, God destroys dinosaurs, God creates man, man destroys God, Chuck Norris drinks beer and fucks strippers and shit.
You become aware that Chuck Norris has just roundhouse kicked you in the face when you reach over your shoulder to rub something off your back and find out it's the floor.
On rare occasion, Chuck Norris will allow a woman to give him a hickey. But then, only on his hemorrhoids.
In "Way of the Dragon",Bruce Lee bribed Chuck Norris to let him live.
my computer was running slow and wasn't working right. and ever since i changed the screen saver to a picture of Chuck Norris, its speed has increased and runs better than before. coincidence? I think not!
If tapped, a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could power the country of Australia for 44 minutes.
Each Thanksgiving, millions of people give thanks that Chuck Norris has let them live to see another Thanksgiving.
Chuck Norris puts Baby in the corner.
Chuck Norris can break iron with bubbles
The Cheetah has to outrun the antelope.....not so it can catch it, but in the hopes Chuck Norris will kill the slowest animal, as the Cheetah simply can't outrun him.
Chuck Norris sold a Henckels 18 piece knife block set to a Cutco sales representative.
It should be blatantly obvious to all, but it still bears repeating: never, ever, EVER ask Chuck Norris to take his boots off when he enters your house.
who ever goes on about will weston next is gettin batterd by Gary neville and Chuck Norris !
Chuck Norris puts the "hurt" in yoghurt.
Wayne Gretzky is so great because Chuck Norris was a good friend of his. He just wouldn't admit it publically, b/c Chuck Norris felt that it's about time that anyone else but him got the attention. The media is that fucking annoying.
Chuck Norris doesn't 'give you a wedgie'; he slices you in half with your own underwear.
Gloria Gaynor: I Will Survive Chuck Norris's Version: They Won't Survive
Chuck Norris got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds.
Chuck Norris was born before his mother got pregnant.
Chuck Norris went out for a casual bike ride when he was visiting Paris and accidentally won the Tour de France.
Mick Jagger: "oh you can't always get what you waaaannt." Chuck Norris "Yes I can."
Chuck Norris officially pimped Xzibit.
Chuck Norris once round-house kicked a man in a call centre. Over the phone.
Super Mario was based on Chuck Norris, in that as a young man, Norris briefly worked as a plumber. And he loves to take mushrooms and stomp defenseless turtles to death
Chuck Norris' parents WERE the unstoppable force and the immovable object.
Ice has Chuck Norris running through its veins
Chuck Norris has an oscillating penis.
Any conservitive estimate of the amount of presents Chuck Norris has received each year for Christmas is still in the billions.
Chuck Norris can ride a bike. Without getting on.
When Chuck Norris travels from Africa to North America, he crosses through the Bermuda triangle
Chuck Norris once choked a wildcat to death with his sphincter muscle.
Chuck Norris can yell "BOO!!!" in your face with such force, you will shit out your lungs.
Chuck Norris is also considered a world-class pimp
Chuck Norris once stopped a runaway locamotive just by glaring at it.
When Chuck Norris was on the Apprentice, the first thing he'd did was fire that smug Donald Trump.
Chuck Norris can write Haiku verse in Hex.
Chuck Norris can play Xbox-Live on his wii... with a broken ps3 controller.
Years ago, Chuck Norris was asked to become a member of the Beach Boys. Chuck declined but had he joined, they were going to change their name to the Beach Men.
When you get impregnated by Chuck Norris, the following will happen: as soon as you wake up out of your coma, you will have just enough time to see the doctor jump out of the way before you explode, unleashing at least nine little bearded Chucklings into the world.
Chuck Norris likes cigarettes on his sandvich.
Chuck Norris only let's Charlie Sheen think he is winning. Chuck won a long time ago.
Chuck Norris has never used a seat belt, because nothing holds Chuck Norris back
Chuck Norris does'nt use a gun he pionts his finger and says "Pow"
Recently, a car salesman told Chuck Norris he needed to go green and drive a Toyota Prius. Chuck kicked the Prius across the parking lot then drove off in his Humvee.
Chuck Norris smokes crack addicts.
If Chuck Norris was black, Obama would have been the US 44th black president.
Chuck Norris was tending bar when an ugly woman walked in with a duck. Chuck asked "hey, where'd you get that pig"? The woman said "that's not a pig, its a duck". Chuck said "I was talking to the duck"!
Chuck Norris has a bear carpet in his room. The bear isnt dead. Its just afraid to move.
Chuck Norris can peel an orange with a chopstick.
When Chuck Norris claps with one hand, the sound is deafening.
Bigfoot has plaster casts of Chuck Norris' foot prints.
Chuck Norris designed the first Ed Hardy shirt when he ran out of douchebags to kill.
Martin Luther King may have had a dream, but Chuck Norris had a body count.
Chuck Norris' Christmas tree is simply Jesus' crucifix, complete with his skeleton, decorated with baubles, tinsel and lights.
Chuck Norris wins American Idol humming the Tetris theme.
Sauron's ring was actually Chuck Norris', and if he'd known he'd of kicked Frodo's arse.
With the rising cost of gasoline, Chuck Norris is beginning to worry about his drinking habit.
Chuck Norris can shoot you from three miles away with a piano
Chuck Norris can stop a red light!
Chuck Norris will kill you if you don't bow down and weep for him every time his name is mentioned.
Chuck Norris uses a cement mixer filled with silk pillows as a fleshlight.
Chuck Norris froze Medusa and bite a werewolf
Chuck Norris can bake a turkey, a ham and 3 pumpkin pies, all at once inside an easy-bake oven
Chuck Norris' favorite chewing gum are bullets.
Chuck Norris hates Raymond.
The stock market monitors Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was the first avenger.
Chuck Norris can walk with the animals, talk with the animals; grunt and squeak and squawk with the animals... and the animals, without fail, always say 'yessir Mr. Norris'.
Chuck Norris created Hugh Jackman Jokes so he would stop getting fan mail. Needless to say, it didn't work.
There is no such thing as tornados. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.
Chuck Norris masturbates with a handful of gunpowder.
Chuck Norris likes to pull Steven Segal's girly little ponytail and then stare at him when he turns around, daring him to make the first move.
Chuck Norris had sex with an air hostess. Nine months later, the Boeing gave birth to a litter of apache helicopters.
Chuck Norris is an asshole. By saying that my life will end in three sec
Chuck Norris puts the "ouch" in couch.
Chuck Norris once went into a church to ask God why Adam was created first instead of chuck. God's answer apparently was not to Chuck's liking, since no one has seen or heard from God sense...
Chuck Norris can knock something without trying it.
Steve Jobs recently rickrolled Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris recently received a Nobel Prize for his groundbreaking role in "Firewalker".
a Ford Taurus was killed in a fatal Chuck Norris accident
Women that work in an office with Chuck Norris, soon learn not ask him for his 3 hole punch.
Trying to get the drop on Chuck Norris is like trying to put toothpaste back in the tube.
Chuck Norris' phone never auto corrects him
Chuck Norris made Minute Maid lemonade in 59 seconds
By simply twisting the head of his penis, Chuck Norris can alter his urine stream from spray to mist.
Chuck Norris skis up the Matterhorn and Mt. Everest.
Chuck Norris never forgets an elephant.
Robin Hood was partially based on Chuck Norris, in that Norris would rob from the rich. But Robin Hood never roundhouse-kicked the poor. Or the rich, for that matter.
During Osama's autopsy, study shows that a US Navy Seal did not kill Osama. Chuck Norris created a roundhouse kick so powerful, it traveled faster than the speed of light and striking through the head of Bin Laden by a mere 5 seconds faster than the US Navy Seals bullet.
Chuck Norris can be unlocked on the hardest level of Tekken. But only Chuck Norris is skilled enough to unlock himself. Then he roundhouse kicks the Playstation back to Japan.
Chuck Norris has a 1:1 scale size tattoo on his right testicle of Megan Fox blowing him.
Of course God is a woman, she's Chuck Norris' bitch
Chuck Norris' idea of a lucious banana slpit consists of a 5 ft cedar log slpit in half lined with 3 five gallon buckets of pure crushed horseradish on top and covered with rusty thumbtacks, crude oil, stagnant swamp mud and topped off with chilled yak whipcream and red maraschino habanero peppers.
Kyle Reese said the Terminator was unstoppable. He should have seen Chuck Norris before saying that.
If a vampire bites Chuck Norris, it becomes his slave.
Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris SHUT UP! no. Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris (keeps on saying it.)
Chuck Norris' first car was Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris can eat just one Lay's potato chip.
If you are next to Chuck Norris then you will always have perfect cell phone reception
Chuck Norris fact: John Merrick was Chuck Norris' identical twin. Chuck kicked his brothers butt inside his mothers womb for sucking on his thumb. John Merrick is known today as the elephant man.
Chuck Norris performs his epic nightly threesomes on a waterbed filled with orphan tears.
Apparently, Chuck Norris was on vacation when Bush was elected president of the United States.
Human cloning is outlawed because of Chuck Norris, because then it would be possible for a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to meet another Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Physicists theorize that this contact would end the universe.
In back to the future 4 Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the Delorean back. This also gave Micheal J Fox Parkinson's.
Chuck Norris invented the chambers Grip
Chuck Norris was born during a firefight. The police captain threw him a Glock.
Confucius say, wise man not stand infront of Brahma Bull; not stand behind mule; not stand infront, behind, or beside Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris played golf. He tee'd off. The ball landed in the cup, bounced out, landed in the 2nd cup, then the 3rd... finally stopping in the 18th.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris cannot fly. He just jumps and chooses when to come down.
Chuck Norris invented impaling when his kindergarten teacher tried to make him stop fingerpaiting while he happened to be using red fingerpaint. Coincidentally , his fondness for blood can also be traced back to the same day.
Chuck Norris' kindergarten has land-mines in the sandpit.
During Osama's autopsy, study shows that a US Navy Seal did not kill Osama. Chuck Norris created a roundhouse kick so powerful, it traveled faster than the speed of light and striking through the head of Bin Laden by a mere 5 seconds faster than the US Navy Seals bullet.
Chuck Norris flicked a booger once from a grassy knoll
Chuck Norris turned down the role of Han Solo's father.
Chuck Norris doesn't daydream. He's too busy giving other people nightmares.
Touching Chuck Norris' beard will increase you life expectancy by 6 years. Unfortunately, the following roundhouse kick will reduce your life expectancy by 300. You do the math. "
Chuck Norris can recite Bolivian poetry in Japanese Pig Latin.
When Chuck Norris plays IWBTG he never died
A Chuck Norris-delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states.
Chuck Norris can kill you in a punch
Chuck Norris went into a Catholic confession booth and made the preist confess to over one hundred unsolved pedophilia cases. Then Norris jammed a crucifix up his ass and emptied two Uzis into his face. On live TV.
The bars never go down on Chuck Norris's at&t phone unless those bars want to live.
Chuck Norris heartbeat was the cause of the 1906 earthquake
There is great debate over whether The Book Of Chuck (written by Chuck Norris in 1989) should be included in the Bible. It mostly contains stories of Norris' sexual conquests and his overall Godliness, but the occasional philosophy contained within easily renders the rest of the books obsolete.
Chuck Norris was orginally casted as the main character for salt but then they changed it to Angelia Jolie, look at her face now.
Someone once videotaped Chuck Norris getting pissed off. It was called Walker: Texas Chain Saw Masacre.
Chuck Norris once ate a Tank, in one single bite
Chuck Norris won on 'Dancing With The Stars' by BBQ'ing a rack of pork ribs.
The Grim Reaper's idol is Chuck Norris.
Robert Pattinson must report to Chuck Norris' mansion every Thursday to eat a whole clove of garlic in front of him.
Chuck Norris could call the National Organization for Women "a bunch of fucked-up cunts" and still win their Feminist of the Year award.
A life-sized sculpture of Chuck Norris' genitals was sold for a world record price at a recent auction
Chuck Norris can clog the toilet.... even with his piss.
Which phrase has Chuck Norris never spoken? a. "I was wrong." b. "My bad." c. "I don't know." d. "Was it good for you?" e. All of the above The answer is "e." Chuck knows all, never makes a mistake, and satisfies every woman he nails at least twice each time.
The Borg Collective Told Chuck Norris: "You will be assimilated; resistance is futile". Chuck Norris then replied: "You will be inseminated; resistance is futile".
The official CIA report reads, "Chuck Norris impaled Osama bin Laden with a flame, raped all 54 of his wives for 126 minutes, then roundhouse kicked his son in the soul. His son reached approximately 1 million degrees Fahrenheit in less than a second.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a cutlery drawer. He has a kitchen arsenal.
Chuck Norris is a proud sponsor of death!
When Bruce Banner gets mad,he turns into the Hulk.When Chuck Norris gets mad,the Hulk turns and runs.
Once again, Chuck Norris allows the skinny black guy to pretend that he's running America for another four years.
Chuck Norris' urine is used to disinfect hospital emergency rooms.
Never say that your life is hard... Chuck Norris wakes up with a dick harder than your pathetic life
Children check under there bed for the boogie man. The boogie man checks under his bed for CHUCK NORRIS. CHUCK NORRIS checks under his bed for ME!!
When Chuck Norris goes to jail playing Monopoly, by the time he gives the bank $50 for bail, etc; his battleship has already murdered ten other inmates.
Another way to explain a Chuck Norris Round House Kick to the face is "de-materializing."
Long ago, Jesus turned water into wine, but then Chuck Norris turned that wine into beer.
The reason the Angry Birds are so angry is because they don't live in the same world as Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris put the homo in homo sapiens. Needless to say, he's not human.
Chuck Norris doesn't drink, water goes into him.
Chuck Norris blew up the Death Star with a roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
Chuck Norris doesn't name his kids, he numbers them.
Chuck Norris has never won an Academy Award for acting... because he's not acting.
Cavemen didn't invent fire; Chuck Norris merely snapped his fingers and gave it to them
Chuck Norris is the actual King of the World.
Chuck Norris once jumped over fifty-eight burning school buses on a penny-farthing bicycle and landed on Evel Kenevel.
Chuck Norris can call checkmate, before the pieces are setup on the chessboard.
9 out of the last 10 women that had sex with Chuck Norris died from lethal injection. The other one died from throbbing penal asphyxiation.
Chuck Norris once changed his name back to Chuck Norris.
Shit got the Chuck Norris scared out of it..;)
Bruce Jenner heard that Chuck Norris doesn't kill women. Chuck is willing to make an exception.
Chuck Norris just bought Gov Rick Perry's family hunting property. He immediately repainted the sign to read: "Gimme Some Head".
Q: Who would win in a beer dinking contest between Stone Cold Steve Austin and Chuck Norris? A:Noone because no bar can hold that much awesomness!
Chuck Norris once wrestled a huge alligator for over 9 hours before he realized that he was actually masterbating.
Chuck Norris has lasted this long simply because Heaven wants nothing to do with him, and Hell is afraid that he'll take over the place.
Chuck Norris can swim in an empty pool.
Iron Maiden was Iron Man before Chuck Norris got a hold of them!
Along with his black belt, Chuck Norris often chooses to wear brown shoes. No one has DARED call him on it. Ever.
When Chuck Norris "dots his I's and crosses his T's the spell checker applauds.
Chuck Norris does not navigate through a corn maze... The corn merely realigns itself in chucks favor out of fear of being roundhouse kicked in the ears!
Chuck Norris puts the Laughter in Manslaughter.
When Chuck Norris tries to kill himself, he always dodges the killing blow 'cause he's that awesome.
The Battle of the Little Big Horn was lost soley because an inebriated Custer errantly set Chuck Norris' GPS to a location some 85 miles away called the Big Little Porn.
Chuck Norris has decided the world will not end on 12/12/12.
The secret to Chuck Norris' virility comes from the fact that he eats a hardy breakfast every morning consisting of condor eggs, fried gorilla testicles, biscuits and tiger gravy.
Chuck Norris once got his dick caught in an unfortunate wood chipper accident. After 24 hours of intensive reconstruction, the wood chipper was brought back into a fully functional machine.
Chuck Norris made Jack jump
Chuck Norris' car has homicide doors
Some people balance eggs on end every Spring and Fall Equinox, but Chuck Norris balances skulls.
Chuck Norris can hit a bull in the butt with a banjo.
Chuck Norris is the reason you can't see vampires in mirrors.
Chuck Norris won the daytona 500 in a flintstone car
Chuck Norris cuts his steak with a plastic spoon.
Chuck Norris doesn't say "who's your daddy", because he knows the answer.
when Chuck Norris stands in front of a mirror, it shattered because it knew that no one stands in between CHUCK NORRIS and CHUCK NORRIS.
I give up. farewell Chuck Norris. *shoots himself*
Chuck Norris does not play dice... : Einstein
Chuck Norris is not affected by the human condition.
All ten of Chuck Norris' fingers are middle fingers.
In Rush Hour, Jackie Chan said that his father caught a bullet with his bare hands. Chuck Norris can catch lasers with his bare hands
If you ever talk shit about Texas, don't be surprised when Chuck Norris teleports into the room and starts slapping you around.
Chuck Norris round-house kicked micheal jackson and he turned from black to white
Chuck Norris found what Bono was looking for.
When Bruce Banner gets mad, he tuns into Hulk. When Hulk gets mad, he turns into Chuck Norris, when Chuck Norris gets mad, RUN LIKE HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chuck Norris writes all the lyrics for Cannibal Corpse. And are all based on personal experiences.
Chuck Norris taught Bane how to be a chiropractor
When Chuck Norris throws a game of 'Washers' he uses a Maytag.
Chuck Norris uses a flamethrower to light his BBQ.
Chuck Norris was recently seen taking his pet for a walk. His pet is a wolverine.
Chuck Norris doesn't celebrate Christmas, Christmas celebrates Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is so tough you could sharpen a knife just by holding it in the air next to his face.
Chuck Norris invented walking in slow motion with explosions behind him.
Chuck Norris knew Palpatine was a Sith Lord all along.
Chuck Norris can beat up Hugh Wackman.
Some people die even though they don't deserve to. None of them are killed by Chuck Norris. He kills those who damn well fucking deserve it.
The only thing that burns Chuck Norris more than having to look at your face is a lit match 1/8 of an inch away from his asshole.
Little known fact: the very first amendment to the constitution was to remove the heading 'CHUCK NORRIS' and adding other words.
Peace disturbs Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is so much trained in military tacticts 'that' once he killed an terrorist in afghanistan through bluetooth
Chuck Norris once went skydiving and his parachute failed to open. So the next day he returned it for a refund.
Little-known fact: Chuck Norris taught Ike Turner how to play guitar. And the ancient art of the backhand.
Chuck Norris can describe a color to a blind person.
Chuck Norris can drink soup...........with chopsticks
The number on tombstones aren't years; there just how many times Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked that person in the face.
Chuck Norris recently broke Harrison Ford's ankle while he was busy banging Carrie Fisher on the Star Wars set.
When Chuck Norris is asked the question "Ginger or Mary Ann?", he chuckles and replies, "Had 'em both!"
Coroners refer to dead people as "ABC's". Already Been Chucked.
Similar to an Iceberg, only 1/10 of Chuck Norris beard can be seen above the surface.
There is great debate over whether The Book Of Chuck (written by Chuck Norris in 1989) should be included in the Bible. It mostly contains stories of Norris' sexual conquests and his overall Godliness, but the occasional philosophy contained within easily renders the rest of the books obsolete.
Jesus wears a WWCND (what would Chuck Norris do) bracelet.
Little known medical fact: Chuck Norris invented the Caesarean section when he roundhouse-kicked his way out of his monther's womb.
There is no Zuul. There is only Chuck Norris
If you kill Chuck Norris, he doesn't die, you die.
When Chuck Norris got cut off in traffic, he rammed the offending car off the road, pulled the asshole out by his hair and slapped him to death with his schlong. Then he boned his wife on the hood of the car, in full view of passing motorists. Don't fuck with big Chuck.
Chuck Norris knows when you're sleeping, Chuck Norris knows when you're awake, Chuck Norris knows if you've been bad or good, So be good, or your life he'll take.
Chuck Norris can take the square root of a negitive number
Chuck Norris is who got Anarchy pregnant, thus giving birth to The Sons of Anarchy.
Chuck Norris' auto biography is the best selling book of all time, it's called the bible
God prays to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to connect to knock you out with a roundhouse kick. He just needs to come close and the wind does the rest
Chuck Norris can do donuts in a steam train
Chuck Norris once had diarrhea, he shat karate
the real reason king kong fell was because he realized he had awaken Chuck Norris so he commited suicide.
Chuck Norris knows 10 different ways to spell Bob
Chuck Norris did not celebrate the new year, just as we don't celebrate the second
Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad
Chuck Norris talked to himself in his mother's womb.
When asked about who should be the next pope, Chuck Norris reportedly said 'he could be some asshole from Buenos Aires for all I fucking care'.
Chuck Norris is one badass motherchucker.
Chuck Norris's wife had a baby,he did all the breast feeding!
Chuck Norris made Twisted Sister take it some more.
Chuck Norris actually ghost wrote all of Ernest Hemingway's novels and taught him the virtues of Key West fishing, rum drinking at Sloppy Joe's & whores.
the boogie man was created after Chuck Norris sneezed
Chuck Norris can win a game of Chess without moving his pawns.
Women can develope a case of vaginal warts by simply staring at Chuck Norris' crotch.
Jean-Claude Van Damme once attempted to throw a Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick. He was immediately arrested for fraud.
Chuck Norris' one man "Roller Derby" team always wins while skating around the rink on a rusty garden tiller.
Chuck Norris is the way the cookie crumbles.
Chuck Norris doesn't fly, gravity collapses around him.
Chuck Norris can hit Mach 3 in his hot-air balloon.
fool Chuck Norris once, shame on you, fool him twice, be extremely thankful he had some reason not to kill you the first time he let you think you fooled him
You know why Steven Segal never removes his pony-tail? Beacause Chuck Norris told him not to.
Chuck Norris can make love AND wage war at the same time.
In 1983, the Department of Transportation required that Chuck Norris wear a Catalytic convertor over his ass to prevent ozone depletion. It was later determined by the Environmental Protection Agency that it wasn't enough to prevent global warming.
When in front of Morpheus Chuck Norris doesn't choose between the red or the blue pill. He takes them both.
Chuck Norris had sex with the earth once......the moon was born 9 months later
Chuck Norris CAN see John Cena.
Chuck Norris does not go hunting, as hunting implies the chance of failure -- Chuck Norris goes killing.
Chuck Norris told people not to talk about the Tiananment Square protest
If you hear Chuck Norris say 'OH SNAP!!', he is most likely referring to your spine.
Chuck Norris can take Braveheart's life AND his freedom.
Taylor Swift used to be named Taylor Lethargic before Chuck Norris devirginised her.
When most people think of "bone china," they think of flatware. Chuck Norris is reminded of the three weeks he spent sampling the best whorehouses in Hong Kong back in '78.
a man knocked on Chuck Norris' door and asked for an autograph. Chuck delivered a fatal Round House. A few days later, feeling sorry he walked into his back yard and signed the head of the carcus
'Old Glory' is also what Chuck Norris calls his package.
Chuck Norris can climb a tree without using his hands
Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked the acting ability out of Vin Diesel.
Chuck Norris can rhyme orange with month.
While catfishing, Chuck Norris uses his own toe jam for stink bait.
Chuck Norris once beat Bobby Fischer at chess in a single move. That move was a roundhouse kick. That's why Fisher went crazy and died at the same age as the squares on a chessboard.
Chuck Norris uses the planet Jupiter as his personal sauna.
the planets do not revolve around sun, Chuck Norris just refuses to let them leave
When god create Chuck Norris, god not exist anymore
Miley Cyrus was inspired to do Wrecking Ball after actually swinging on one of Chuck Norris's balls.
Chuck Norris can make RuPaul dress like a man.
A blind man once stepped on Chuck Norris' shoe. Chuck Norris asked, "Don't you know who I am? I'm Chuck Norris!" The mere mention of his name cured the man of his blindness. Sadly the first, last, and only thing this man ever saw, was a fatal roundhouse delivered by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris eats lightning and shits out thunder.
Chuck Norris can live on the dark Side of the moon............naked
Chuck Norris' favourite word: chunk.
During Osama's autopsy, study shows that a US Navy Seal did not kill Osama. Chuck Norris created a roundhouse kick so powerful, it traveled faster than the speed of light and striking through the head of Bin Laden by a mere 5 seconds faster than the US Navy Seals bullet.
Chuck Norris invented the kangaroo when he ripped the front legs off a dog and threw it all the way to Australia.
When Chuck Norris plays football, he uses his foot and your balls.
If Chuck Norris ever says to you, "relax, I got your back", do not for a second believe that he is going to protect you from anything! Because that means he has just ripped out your spine.
How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? Just one. From Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is FATHER Nature.
Contrary to popular belief, Do Re Mi Fa So La and Ti are not the only sounds in music, there are 300 more, but those frequecies are reserved by the FCC for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can ride a BMX bike while wearing bigass MC Hammer parachute pants.
There are no races, only countries of people Chuck Norris has beaten to different shades of black and blue.
Chuck Norris is in the killing business and to quote Chuck Norris "Business Is Good.
Chuck Norris punished Superman for being Superman by making him wear his underwear over his pants.
Chuck Norris doesn't discriminate he exterminates.
If Chuck Norris was going to die in 4 seconds Steven Seagal "Might" get a hit on him with Steven Seagal dieing on Chuck Norris last breath
Chuck Norris was seriously considered for all the major roles in the Avengers movies, except of course the female characters Black Widow and Hawkeye.
A man once told Chuck Norris that he and everyone would be wise to learn to "expect the unexpected" in life's journey. Chuck Norris then immediately roundhouse kicked the man in the face and said, "did you expect that?"
Chuck Norris knows how to get to Seasame Street.
A strange-but-true phenomenon - whenever there is a natural disaster in the world, Chuck Norris' stocks soar.
Jesus came to earth just to meet Chuck Norris
Effigies get burnt in Chuck Norris.
All browsers support the hex definitions #chuck and #norris for the colors black and blue.
Chuck Norris watches the Watchmen...
TNT was originally developed by Chuck Norris to cure indigestion.
Chuck Norris has never struck out in Baseball. He simply stares at the ball, and it gets out of his way.
Chuck Norris can write Haiku poetry in Hexadecimal without need for Binary Interface tables.
I used to think Chuck Norris was a great guy, then he had sex with my wife, now I think he is amazing!
Since the age of eight, Chuck Norris' penis has been permanently set to 'seek and destroy'
Jesus carried his cross to Calvary where he was crucified. Chuck Norris carries planets wherever he goes for fun.
Hitler got raped because Chuck Norris raped him.
Environmentalists do their best not to upset Chuck Norris, cause the heat from his anger can melt an entire glacier.
aliens abduct cows to save them from the wrath of Chuck Norris
If Chuck Norris wore pink bunny slippers, it would be queer not to wear them.
Chuck Norris can unhinge his jaw, to better facilitate swallowing things whole.
Chuck Norris always looks a gift horse in the eye, then he kills it with one punch.
Chuck Norris once used a live rattlesnake as a condom.
With the rising cost of gasoline, Chuck Norris is beginning to worry about his drinking habit.
Chuck Norris only had one dime and rubbed it together.
Chuck Norris does not fart. PERIOD.
Chuck Norris once walked down the street with an erection.......there were no survivors.
Chuck Norris doesn't use mouthwash, he uses potassium cyanide.
Chuck Norris rounddhouse kicks kittens and baby's for fun.
Jesus shamelessly wore a Chuck Norris beard.
Chuck Norris put the bop in the bop shoo wop shoo wop. He also put the ram in the ramalama-ding-dong.
Chuck Norris refers to his approach to sex as 'The Nutpocalypse'.
Chuck Norris has five rows of teeth.
Chuck Norris did not celebrate the new year, just as we don't celebrate the second
Chuck Norris's calendar goes from march 31 straight to april 2nd......because nobody fools Chuck Norris
God used to make frequent trips to earth to talk to various people. Upon seeing Chuck Norris' manly good looks God vanquished himself to heaven, never to be seen again out of embarassment of his own self image. It's rumored Chuck is currently God's personal fitness trainer.
Step 1: Have this Pokemon team: Slowking, Bibarel, Sawk, Throh, Conkeldurr, and your starter. Make sure all 6, besides the starter, are male and are nicknamed Chuck Norris. Step 2: Use this team in every Pokemon battle. You will always win with it.
Chuck Norris has won the Publisher Clearing House 1 million a year for live every year for the last ten years. But he has never entered their contest.
Chuck Norris is so awesome, he caused blindness to the whole bat species just by his sheer awesomeness. Infact, if you listen intently all the bats shriek "Chuck Norris! Chuck Norris! Chuck Norris!".
we dont live in a ever expanding universe like scientist's say. we just live in a universe that is trying to get away from Chuck Norris
old spice was about to come out with a new Chuck Norris scent collection and there slogan for it would have been "old spice,smell like THE MAN!" but it never made it to stores, cause no one man is man enough to bare the same scent as Chuck Norris.
While having sex, Chuck Norris doesnt use a condom. Because there is no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris scrathes his balls with barb wire.
In just three easy steps, Chuck Norris can convert his Total Gym into a sex swing.
A robber pulled a gun on Chuck Norris. Chuck asked him if be wanted that gun rammed down his his throat or shoved up his ass? The robber peed his pants and ran.
Chuck Norris does not kill you; your already dead when you see him.
In summer time, when Chuck Norris goes outside, he doesn't go in the shade. The sun hides behind the clouds.
Anything you can do, Chuck Norris does better.
Chuck Norris decided to sell his fart to the auto racing industry, we know it now as nitrous oxide.
It's true that you're entitled to your opinion. But ignore Chuck Norris' opinion at your own peril.
Arnold had to beg Chuck Norris for the role of Terminator.
If you were somehow able to land a punch on Chuck Norris your entire arm would shatter upon impact. This is only in theory, since, come on, who in their right mind would try this?
If Chuck Norris had signed on to be on NBC's A-Team, the team would have needed only one member.
Jesus shamelessly wore a Chuck Norris beard.
Chuck Norris can ride a bike. Without getting on.
Chuck Norris can touch a bottomless pit
Chuck Norris doesn't eat. He refuels.
God create the earth and all living things.... But Chuck Norris created God
If you ever dare speak aloud the blasphemy 'chickidee china, de chinese Chuck Norris', you will burst into flames.
Chuck Norris wrote the songs "Stairway to Heaven" and "Paradise to City" cos he was bored.
If you want to keep people out of your property, the most effective sign you can use is a picture of an angry Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris invented Gumby by repeatedly bitch slapping Sean Hannity with Rush Limbaugh's nut sack.
as a kid, Chuck Norris's dog didnt eat his homework, his homework ate his dog
Once, Chuck Norris took the "Old Dirt Road". Unfortunately he turned it into a 6 lane super highway.
Chuck Norris doesn't use keys, he always kicks the door in.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool Chuck Norris once and he will roundhouse you in the face.
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in God, God believes in Chuck Norris.
I know where Chuck Norris is. Chuck Norris knows where I live too, WERE EVEN!
Chuck Norris survived his execution. His executioners did not.
Chuck Norris invented the Touch of Death.
God breathed life into Adam. Chuck Norris sneezed life into God.
When slenderman turns around, Chuck Norris is watching!
Following every bowl of horse hair & ballbearing bisque, Chuck Norris drinks a quart of Liquid Plummer to aid in digestion.
Chuck Norris beat Nintendo's "Where's Waldo?" on a black and white television.
Chuck Norris ate Hannibal Lecter`s liver. With some fava beans, and a nice keg of beer.
Chuck Norris looked at a grayard and said what have i done
Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard, To fetch her poor doggie a bone. But when she bent over, Chuck Norris took over. Because Chuck had a bone of his own.
Chuck Norris can masturbate with no hands.
Chuck Norris can just wright a random number and the math problem is right
Scientists are currently searching for the particle that gives everything mass. They will never find it because it is hiding inside Chuck Norris.
No matter which part of Chuck Norris you aim at, the bullet will always hit the center of your forehead.
Chuck Norris can sharpen a pencil by sticking it into his ear.
Chuck Norris eats leaves and shits out crisp 100 dollar bills in neat bundles. He refers to the process as eco-friendly minting process.
Chuck Norris once hit a deer with a car ..... a parked car !
Super Man's nacked eye can withstand a bullet. Chuck Norris' middle finger can reflect a laser beam and kill the shooter between the eyes.
After Chuck Norris has administered his epic sex upon you, he don't sleep. He instead stands butt-naked at the window holding a shotgun over his shoulder the whole night while your remains cool.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to shower, he dares dirt to touch him...
Hemorrhoids are a pain in the ass. And in legal terms so is a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to 'said same'.
If Fox had cast Chuck Norris as Jack Bauer, the show would have been called "3"
Due to his jet-setting lifestyle, Chuck Norris knows how to say 'Time to die' in over thirty different languages.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool Chuck Norris once and he will roundhouse you in the face.
Jean-Claude Van Damme once kicked Chuck Norris' ass. He was then awakened from his dream by a roundhouse kick to the face.
When Chuck Norris urinates the whole world must flush their toilets.
For entertainment purposes, Chuck Norris serves rum&coke and spiked punch as refreshments at AA meetings.
Chuck Norris is the reason Tupac is hiding.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death, he beats it fair and square.
Jesus could turn water into wine. Chuck Norris can turn his own piss into award-winning top shelf whiskey.
None of the world's greatest chess grandmasters will any longer play against Chuck Norris because he always Checkmates them on his first move.
we pray for god.god prays for Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris has to visit the dentist twice a month in order to remove the jawbreakers stuck between his teeth.
Chuck Norris once got confused by looking at the infinity sign, so he roundhouse kicked it back into a clock, he now has it straped onto his wrist and calls it his wristwatch
Odin, king of the viking gods, hung himself for 9 days and survived. Chuck Norris has made fun of him ever since for being a pussy and not going longer.
Gloria Gaynor: I Will Survive Chuck Norris's Version: They Won't Survive
Steven Segal onece challenged Chuck Norris to a fight, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the face. this is why Steven Segal talks funny
Chuck Norris saw a dick on TV1000!
when a cop pulls over Chuck Norris for drinking and driving the cop is just making shur that he doesnt spill his beer.
Chuck Norris can impregnate a woman with just a lustful stare.
The Incas used to sacrifice their most beautiful women to the Sun God. The Sun God was their title for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once stold a can of beer, pissed in it and sold it for a buck.
Chuck Norris savors the sweet taste of ax-murder.
During the night, Chuck Norris thought he beat the shit out of Steven Seagal, Bruce Lee, The Rock and 25 Ninjas. Then he woke-up and discovered he'd had a wet dream.
Chuck Norris goes to the Dentist to get a tooth extracted. The Dentist ask do you want gas or a shot ? Chuck Norris answers your gonna need both. Moments after the procedure the Dentist(with blured vision and sore rectum)observes Chuck Norris slowly getting dressed.
The world is actually a long action movie franchise and we're all just background characters in Chuck Norris' story.
If Chuck Norris and a Grizzley bear go after the same salmon, Chuck will be the one having smoked salmon for dinner.
davey jones goes to Chuck Norris' locker.
Chuck Norris doesn't love Raymond.
Chuck Norris' dog is a Velociraptor.
Chuck Norris can turn even the safest firework into an instrument of mass destruction.
Chuck Norris dunks onion rings in his morning coffee.
When Chuck Norris stares at the sun, the sun blinks.
Some people ask for a Kleenex when they sneeze, Chuck Norris asks for a body bag.
When Chuck Norris showers he doesn't use soap he uses Aromatic Sulfuric Acid.
The Battle of the Little Big Horn was lost soley because an inebriated Custer errantly set Chuck Norris' GPS to a location some 85 miles away called the Big Little Porn.
Chuck Norris only drives American cars & he'll roundhouse kick the shit out of you if you don't. *if you put negative you drive a foreign car & don't support America *if you put positive you believe that America is and will always be the best country & that you support the American dream 100%
It was actually Chuck Norris who gave Halle Berry the vanilla fever.
Chuck Norris is Death of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. He kills by the grace of the roundhouse kick, and he rides a bull. The others dare not question him.
Chuck Norris got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago but death jst hasnt built up the courage to tell him yet
Those who say you can't unring a bell never met Chuck Norris.
One factory in Texas decided to motivate their employees by hanging posters of Chuck Norris with the message "Don't Piss Off Chuck -- Do Your Work." Production increased by 500% within 6 months.
Chuck Norris once caught an eighty pound tuna while spearfishing in a mirage.
we all know that the hulk is green..with envy, because he knows Chuck Norris can kick his fucking ass
While Charlie Sheen was banging seven gram rocks and finishing them, Chuck Norris was banging seven pound rocks and finishing them.
Chuck Norris hit a hole-in-one on the 18th hole at Pebble Beach, California from the 1st tee at Bethpage Black, New York.
Chuck Norris' appendix has burst at least 15 times, but Chuck don't give a fuck.
If Chuck Norris had a penny for each roundhouse kick he delivered, the world supply of iron would have been long gone.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a black person so hard he turned white
In ancient Greece, Chuck Norris killed a man, screwed his wife, then set-up Oedipus to take the fall for it. Later, Oedipus fell in love with the widow and married her.
Having a tick on the head of your dick is better than receiving a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick in your neck.
Chuck Norris can blow up a balloon with both of his lips tied behind his back.
Chuck Norris once snapped a bears neck after it scratched his jacket.
Chuck Norris doesn't say "who's your daddy", because he knows the answer.
Chuck Norris can keep any character played by Sean Bean alive.
One time Jason Voorhees made fun of Chuck Norris during a hockey game. He roundhouse kicked Jason in the face so hard, he melded the goalie mask to his face, broke his vocal cords, and messed up his brain so much, he became a serial killer.
Chuck Norris is solving world hunger one kick at a time.
quick how do u spell Chuck Norris .............. in that time you would already be dead by a roundhouse kick to the face twenty times before you get to c
Of course Chuck Norris doesn't use cleaning agents for his toilet, his piss does the job
Chuck Norris wins Tic Tac Toe in only two moves!
Chuck Norris hates corey FO FREE!!!!!!!
Chuck Norris can take selfies of other people
The Dos Equis guy was cloned from a piece of Chuck Norris's ass
Every night, Chuck Norris brings at least three women back to his log cabin in the hills, to give them a good, hard Norrising.
When Chuck Norris tells you to give him a hummer, don't protest or cry - you'd best just get on your knees and do it immediately. And you'd better hum the Walker: Texas Ranger theme.
Chuck Norris was a stowaway on board Apollo 13. When the astronauts encountered problems, Chuck took over the craft, and successfully navigated it back to earth to splash down in the Pacific. He told the pussies to keep it a secret or he would track them down and kill them. He then swam away before the recovery ship arrived.
Chuck Norris won a bowling tournament with a bow and arrow
Chuck Norris can squeeze blood from a stone. He must feed his children.
Steve Jobs gave a free iPad to Chuck Norris as a token of goodwill. Chuck Norris instantly rammed the device up Jobs' anus for insulting his unquestionable masculinity.
when Chuck Norris saw god it was like looking in the mirror
Chuck Norris converted Bermuda triangle into Bermuda pants.
A good golfer can often make a 'birdie'. Better golfers frequently get an 'eagle'. Chuck Norris always gets a 'condor'.
Jesus' last words, before giving up the ghost in Aramaic were "Eloi Eloi lama sabachthani". The approximate translation into modern English: Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris, please don't roundhouse kick me!
Once, Chuck Norris held a judge in contempt, while in court.
Chuck Norris dosn't rock and roll; rock and roll Chucks Noris'
Chuck Norris can run up a flight of stairs backwards.
Chuck Norris tears the divider out.
Chuck Norris originally wrote the first dictionary. The definition for each word is as follows - A swift roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris was once asked if he liked soccer. The last thing the questioner ever saw was Chuck's boot just before his decapitation.
If there was a game about Chuck Norris you'd be scared to play it because every time you'd open it up it would roundhouse kick you in the balls.
Chuck Norris was ask to join the cast of The Exspendables, but once Stallone offered Chuck the part.... he did a roundhouse kick, and said with a grin.. Sly you know as well as anyone.. Chuck Norris is not expendable.
Captain Planet once told Chuck Norris that he had control over all the elements - earth, water, wind and fire. Chuck Norris then drowned him in fire and blew him six feet under, thereby utilizing all four elements to move the good captain asunder. (It should be noted here that Chuck Norris, for the first time ever, deviated from using his signature roundhouse kick.)
Chuck Norris once killed a postman.He then waved his finger side to side and said "hey buddy only i deliver round houses, got it!"
Genesis 32:30- I have seen the face of God Chuck Norris 1:1- I punched the shit out of it
Chuck Norris uses epoxy resin instead of KY jelly.
Chuck Norris gargles peanut butter.
Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
Chuck Norris has the eyes of an angel and the soul of a saint. He keeps them in a footlocker under his bed. "
Chuck Norris picks his nose with a toilet bowl plunger.
Chuck Norris blows more testosterone into a handkerchief than Arnie can ever hope to have.
Chuck Norris is a world-class landmine-stomper.
Chuck Norris drinks 5 hour energy drinks to help him relax.
Local mountain lions have been complaining about the recent string of Chuck Norris attacks.
Throughout the '80s and '90s, Chuck Norris scorched a pretty wide canyon in the lush and ample landscape of Southern California pussy. Basically, if you know a woman who was between the ages of 16 and 80 and living within a 30-mile radius of L.A. between 1981 and 1999, it's a mathematical certainty she tried to fuck Chuck Norris at least once.
When singing 99 bottles of beer on the wall, Chuck Norris takes one down and doesn't pass it around.
No statement can catch the ChuckNorrisException.
Chuck Norris once played a game of basketball with Walt Disney's head.
Chuck Norris keeps a pet squid in his toilet to wipe his ass with.
Chuck Norris likes to walk around his Beverly Hills mansion wearing nothing but a pimp hat and fat gold chains.
Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
If Chuck Norris wants your opinion, he'll beat it into you.
Chuck Norris beat God in an arm-wrestle......with his feet.
Because of Chuck Norris the big 5 is now know as the big 6.
Chuck Norris once farted while he was in New Orleans which caused 300,000 lemmings to become suicidal cliff jumpers.
In fact there is no Google satellite views, just Chuck Norris eyes that he lets you to use it.
In Soviet Russia, Chuck Norris drinks vodka and kills any asshole wearing those stupid furry hats.
Chuck Norris sired a baseball team...and a football team if you count all of the bastards.
If Her Royal Highness, Queen Elizabeth of England were to marry Chuck Norris, her official Royal title would be elevated to that of: "Liz Norris, Chuck's Bitchy Royal Slut of a Wife".
only you can prevent forest fires, only Chuck Norris can prevent roundhouse kicks..he just doesn't try
John Denver wrote "Thank God I'm A Country Boy" when Chuck Norris moved to the city.
Chuck Norris once ran a one-minute mile. He did it dragging an 18-wheeler while running in a field of wet cement.
When J. Robert Oppenheimer said "I am become death, the destroyer Of worlds", He was not referring to the atomic bomb. He was referring to the Chuck Norris halloween costume he was wearing.
Chuck Norris officially announced today that he is in fact permantly retiring...your face from public view.
Chuck Norris CAN argue with a man holding a running chainsaw.
On the morning of July 30, 1975, Jimmy Hoffa scratched Chuck Norris' truck. Hoffa vanished later that day. Let this be a lesson for all.
Chuck Norris throws massive Roman orgies for Lent.
god said let there be light Chuck Norris said say please
Newtons third law of motion states that Every action has a reaction equal in magnitude and opposite in direction When Chuck Norris uses his roundhouse kick there is only action.
All of Chuck Norris' limbs act as natural particle accelerators.
Chuck Norris is in everyone of the devil's nightmares
Chuck Norris can win a gun fight by saying BANG!
In ancient China there is a legend that one day a child will be born from a dragon, grow to be a man, and vanquish evil from the land. That man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck Norris killed that man.
Chuck Norris' toupee came off an orangutan's ass.
When Chuck Norris Goes fishing, he doesnt bait his own hook.. the worms hook themselves out of fear of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once killed the alpha-male of a pack of hyenas with a blowgun. The remaining hyenas were permanately blinded by the muzzle flash.
Many men envy Ron Jeremy's nine-inch-plus manhood. Ron Jeremy envies Chuck Norris' manhood.
Chuck Norris was originally going to be in Cowboys VS Aliens, but the movie would have been over in about 3 minutes and 7 seconds.
How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? Just one. From Chuck Norris.
did you ever notice that quidditch rhymes with spinach so harry potter is actually Popeye and we all know Popeye is actually Chuck Norris's penis so by that logic Chuck Norris's penis eats spinach flexes, and avada-round house kicks you in the face!
The largest mental asylum in Texas has a wing dedicated solely to caring for women who were subjected to Chuck Norris cunnilingus.
Chuck Norris can get blood out of a stone.
Chuck Norris is widely considered the greatest hip-hop artist of all time.
some said there is nothing to fear but fear itself. what he really meant was there is nothing to fear but Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris un-invented the parabolic hemorrhoid disruptor which is why you have never heard of it before now.
Bruce Spingsteen calls Chuck Norris "The Boss".
Chuck Norris officially pimped Xzibit.
Slender man doesn't follow Chuck Norris , chuck follows slender
The reason the slinky was invented is because there is no condom long enough for Chuck norris's dick. It failed miserablly now he has to were a live ratlle snake as one.
Chuck Norris is suing the creators of Facebook, for stealing the name of his personal collection of facial tissue he ripped off from people he met with bad manners.
When Chuck Norris goes swimmimg in the ocean, the sharks panic.
The world record for eating hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes is 59. Chuck Norris can eat 200, followed by 3 kegs of beer.
Chuck Norris can ride a bike. Without getting on.
Chuck Norris is who taught Bear Ghrylls all his survival skills.
Chuck Norris is not as smart as Einstein. It is impossible for Einstein to arrange M&M's in abc order but Chuck Norris can.
They stoped making Chuck Norris movies because you don't watch Chuck Norris he watches you
Poor Freddy Krueger has been having nightmares ever since Chuck Norris moved to Elm Street.
When taking the SAT, write "Chuck Norris" for every answer. You will score over 8000.
Chuck Norris does not fear cancer. cancer fears Chuck Norris
Sticks and stones MAY break your bones, but with Chuck Norris it's a sure thing.
There is only way to determine if Chuck Norris likes you- Are you still alive to read this?
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked a man in a wheelchair in the ground people dug that fossil up it is now a handicap parking sign but really it is a warning that Chuck is coming
Chuck Norris once accidentally broke steel by touching it.
Chuck Norris doesn't sleep in on Sunday mornings because he has learned that the best time to run little old ladies over with his Hummer is on their way to church.
Chuck Norris died ten years ago; however, death doesn't have guts to tell him.
Superman once watched an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. He then cried himself to sleep.
The sunami in Japan was an accident. Chuck Norris just wanted to splash around in the tub.
Chuck Norris taught Jesus how to grow a beard.
When Gotham City needs help, they call on Batman. When Batman needs help, he calls on Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' penis has biceps.
Chuck Norris simply walks into Mordor
Chuck Norris was at a restaurant when the waitress asked if he would like to try their Tofu. Chuck said "lady, I'd rather piss upwind in a hurricane".
Chuck Norris' copy of IE6 can render transparent PNGs correctly.
Chuck Norris has no hair on his balls This is because hair cannot grow out of steel
Chuck Norris brings Jumanji to board game parties.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Chuck Norris got mad at a hamer and round house kicked it in to the first sluge hamer
Chuck Norris once look down at all the destruction and chaos he had caused and he thought it ..... GOOD
When Chuck Norris takes a crap this is what's called an earthquake.
Chuck Norris has over eighty million songs on his iPod. But he only listens to Bruce Springsteen.
Most kids where superman pajamas. Superman, however, wears Chuck Norris pajamas
Chuck Norris created girafes wen he uppercutted a horse
Chuck Norris doesnt play russian rulet with a revolver... he plays with a .50cal desert eagle
What goes on in Vegas stays in Vegas. What goes on in Chuck Norris' bedroom will haunt your dreams forever.
Chuck Norris won the 1994 Grammy for best new song. His song went like this: "The wheels on the bus go fuck yourself."
Chuck Norris can prepare a 5 star gourmet dinner out of dirt, toejam and Wheaties.
All Chuck Norris facts should be told in a respectful whisper, whilst laying one's palms and forehead on the floor.
According to the Bible, God created the universe in six days. Before that, Chuck Norris created God by snapping his fingers.
Inspired by Robert De Niro in Taxi Driver, Chuck Norris always keeps two spring-out M16s up the sleeves of his jackets.
Sometimes people die though they deserve to live. None of those people were killed by Chuck Norris. When Chuck Norris kills someone, they damn well deserve it.
Anton Chigurh (from No Country for Old Men) needed the money to pay Chuck Norris to spare his life.
Chuck Norris has kidnapped Bin Laden
Chuck Norris doesn't defy gravity. He simply kicks it in the nuts.
Chuck Norris has a blood pressure reading of zero over zero. Chuck Norris has never felt any pressure.
Think Green...Think Chuck Norris!
Whenever Chuck Norris sees a Best Buy, he burns it to the ground, because he firmly believes that a total gym for three payments of 19.99 is the best buy you'll ever find.
Chuck Norris's beard can type 140 wpm.
Chuck Norris can save 15% or more on car insurance WITHOUT switching to Geico... or even buying car insurance.
The Chuck Norris family once had a weiner roast in what was formally called the Mojave Forrest.
an acorn planted in a pile of Chuck Norris shit will grow into an oak tree overnight
Chuck Norris once turned Medusa to stone
Chuck Norris once ate a banana and then defecated a gainomax recovery drink package...that is how gainomax is made
Christmas is canceled this year. Chuck Norris told Santa no more Christmas.
Chuck Norris doesn't churn butter. He roundhouse kicks the cows and the butter comes straight out.
If you put Chuck Norris as your profile picture on facebook thousands of supermodels will friend you each day
Any man can make yellow snow. Chuck Norris can make brown snow.
Chuck Norris was banned from competitive bull riding after a 1992 exhibition in San Antonio, in which he rode a brahma bull 1,746 miles from Texas to Milwaukee, Wisconsin to pick up his dry cleaning.
Only God can judge the whole mankind. Only Chuck Norris can judge God
i hope Chuck Norris dies in a car crash. he would have 99 lives left
Never look a gift Chuck Norris in the mouth, because he will bite your damn nose off.
Chuck Norris won the daytona 500 in a flintstone car
Chuck Norris once got an A+ for eating his essay and calling his 7th Grade teacher a pussy.
White noise is just the gathered screams of Chuck Norris' victims.
they once made Chuck Norris toilit paper but there was a problem Chuck Norris doesnt take crap
Chuck Norris can play the violin with a piano
Chuck Norris can make a carpet fly
Chuck Norris was once stopped by police and given a breath test. He inhaled the breathalyzer.
Chuck Norris once participated in a 100 mt race and obviously came first, but Albert Einstein died after watching that cos light came second.
Chuck Norris doesn't chew gum. Chuck Norris chews tin foil.
Chuck Norris earned a Phd in mathmatics from the University of Southern Arkansas when he defended his dissertation that disproves the equation: &#928;r2. Using solely southern vernacular, he argued his one sentence dissertation that "Pie aint't square, pie are round".
Chuck Norris doesn't eat. He refuels.
The Cheetah has to outrun the antelope.....not so it can catch it, but in the hopes Chuck Norris will kill the slowest animal, as the Cheetah simply can't outrun him.
Chuck Norris recently wrote a 2000-page compendium about how to properly clean your belly-button lint. The book won every literary prize around the world in both fiction and non-fiction categories. Even the Kindle Edition of the book has recently surpassed the Bible as the most read book ever.
Jesus wears a bracelet that says wwcnd (what would Chuck Norris do?)
Chuck Norris does not go hunting, as hunting implies the chance of failure -- Chuck Norris goes killing.
Chuck Norris gets more head then a pillow!
how do you put out a forest fire? you have Chuck Norris fart on it.
A married couple went to Chuck Norris for their relationship problems. The husband said, "Oh great and powerful Chuck Norris, my wife has lost the ability to feel pleasure in bed! What can I do to fix this?" Chuck Norris then proceeded to make love to the guy's wife right on the floor next to him. After about three and a half hours of her moaning in ecstasy and epic music, Chuck Norris got up and said, "She seems to be working alright for me!" He then roundhouse kicked them both into space, thus ending the couples relationship problems forever!
Science Fact: Roundhouse kicks are comprised primarily of an element called Chucktanium.
Chuck Norris lives in Navasota, Texas. Navasota has a crime rate of precisely zero. No shit. Look it up.
Chuck Norris was evil kanevil's stunt double.
Giraffes are born or created when Chuck Norris uppercuts a Horse!
A child once got a Chuck Norris action figure for his b-day and he made the mistake of calling it a doll... he hasn't come out of the coma yet
Ever wonder why Curly disappeared from the Three Stooges? Chuck Norris did not find him funny.
World History is simply a chronicling of events that Chuck Norris has let happen.
Chuck Norris is the only grown man alive that can wear Superhero Jammie's and no one will give him crap about it.
When slenderman turns around, Chuck Norris is watching!
Chuck Norris's belly button does'nt collect lint, it collects steel wool.
Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked the letter 'r' out of Jonathon Woss.
The odds of a Star Destroyer surviving a direct assault on Chuck Norris are approximately three thousand seven hundred and twenty to one.
Chuck Norris ate Hannibal Lecter`s liver. With some fava beans, and a nice keg of beer.
Chuck Norris can see his shadow and catch it- at night.
If you blame Chuck Norris, your actually blaming yourself.
Chuck Norris created ninjas.
Chuck Norris had appendicitis so he removed his appendix with his pocket knife and closed the wound with a staple gun.
At birth, Chuck Norris immediately excised his parasitic twin, instantly roundhouse kicked his ass and threw him out the 10th story hospital room. We now know the parasitic twin as PeeWee Herman.
Chuck Norris invented Thomas Edison
Chuck Norris is never 'armed to the teeth'. He is armed WITH teeth.
Chuck Norris endorsed Ted Cruz for President, thus singlehandedly ending the need to hold elections forever...
Chuck Norris is the only person who can correctly pronounce emotocons.
Chuck Norris wishes you a Merry Christmas, a Happy Hannukah, and a Happy New Year... so you better have one!
Chuck Norris' favorite handgun is an M1A1 Abrams.
All of Chuck Norris' fingers are trigger fingers.
Chuck Norris can taste lies.
Chuck Norris Doesn't Sleep...He Waits.
Chuck Norris can dereference NULL.
Chuck Norris jogs for an hour every morning at 6am. He finishes at 5am.
Chuck Norris went to the white house and crapped and pissed on President Barack Obama's desk, just because he is Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris goes for a physical, the doctor is too afraid to get close enough for an examination, so he only examines him from afar, grading him on his overall physical appearance, which of course, is always perfect.
Chuck Norris and Superman once arm wrestled. The bet was that who ever lost would have to wear his underwear over his pants - forever.
Usain Bolt broke the 100m record by accident because he was trying to run away from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris visited this website before. But he didn't submit a fact, he looked all 8616 facts. That includes this fact.
Chuck Norris fucked me one day and it sucked Brad fucked me and is was AMAZING
Chuck Norris' one & only time of weakness occurred when he recieved a Sarah Palin rim job.
There is no Zool. Only Chuck Norris.
March 10, 2010. Today is Chuck Norris's 70th birthday. As he blew out the candles on his birthday cake, coincidently there were 70 forest fires in California and surrounding states.
if the mouse will play when the cat is away,, the cat will fly when Chuck Norris is in the house
Chuck Norris can end a sentence with a preposition.
if god named peter the rock for brave, the Chuck Norris named chris rock because he is dumbass
Errol Flynn once tried to grow a Chuck Norris beard. Which of course is why he died such a brutally violent death.
Chuck Norris doesn't consider it good sex unless the women dies.
Santa actually gives everyone presents. It's just that Chuck Norris pounds some of them into coal.
Chuck Norris regularly performs mind tricks on Jedi Knights.
When Chuck Norris was born, he immediately got up, round-housed his dad right in the face and said "that's for sleeping with my mom"
Chuck Norris has a bear carpet in his room. The bear isnt dead. Its just afraid to move.
Chuck Norris can talk on the phone while he's getting a blowjob.
Scientists say perpetual motion is impossible... Chuck Norris proved them wrong with a stare.
Chuck Norris was at a drugstore recently and mistaken for an employee. A lady asked "do you have cotton balls"? Chuck replied "no ma'am, mine are solid meat".
Chuck Norris offered to be a spokesman for GM. GM turned him down. GM is now bankrupt. That is no coincidence.
Chuck Norris looks down on serial killers, due to their method's inefficiency.
When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay: "What is courage?" Chuck received an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top.
There are 5 rules that can be applied to almost every Chuck Norris movie. Rule 1: Chuck Norris never reloads Rule 2: Chuck Norris always hits first Rule 3: You can't run or hide from Chuck Norris Rule 4: Everything he touches becomes a weapon Rule 5: Chuck Norris never misses his targets
Chuck Norris can see sound....and kill it
If you piss off Chuck Norris enough, he will knock your ass out, pull your eyelashes down far enough to hook them on your toenails and play you like a banjo.
Chuck Norris has an oscillating penis.
Chuck Norris is the actual King of the World.
Chuck Norris contacted Smallpox. It made him sniffle and it evolved into Ebola. So he blew his nose while on vacation in Liberia.
Chuck Norris once appeared on Cartoon Network. CN is now known as Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris loans money back to his creditors at 6.87% (apr) above his borrowing rate from them. They then loan that money to the U.S. Gov't at a hansome profit. Then the lending banks file bankrupcy and the U.S. Gov't borrows money from China to bailout the U.S banks and China borrows money from Chuck Norris to loan to the U.S. Gov't. This is the world economy 2012. Confusing ain't it?
aliens abduct cows to save them from the wrath of Chuck Norris
Much like a top fuel dragracer, Chuck Norris' penis is equipped with a parachute.
Chuck Norris just says "no" to drugs. If he said "yes", it would collapse Colombia's infrastructure.
As a child, Chuck Norris played Hot Potato with live hand grenades.
Chuck Norris brutally beat the shit out of the rock band Buckcherry, because of their stupid name. He hates when people re-arrange the letters of his sacred name. Wait - oh shit.
Jesus wears a WWCND bracelet !!!!!!! What Would Chuck Norris Do....
Chuck Norris doesn't need to vaccume his house, dust refuses to accumulate there.
The second world war tank "sherman" was first named Chuck Norris, but he thought its not powerful enough for his name.Scientists are still working on a weapon that is powerful enough for his name.They are not even close.
Some kids piss their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
When The Four Horseman of the Apocalypse entered this world, the first person they met was Chuck Norris. They now bunk at his horse ranch in Texas and clean the manure from the stables every morning.
When Chuck Norris visits his ranch, he always makes sure to take a ride on Sherman, his Cape Buffalo.
Chuck Norris is the man who shot Liberty Valance.
Chuck Norris built the Egyptian Pyramids...in 1 day...during a Sandstorm...at night. He later built the Sphinx as a monument to honor his penis.
Chuck Norris subscribed to officialpsy after watching Gangnam Style. This is why Gangnam Style is so popular.
Wimpy made sure he reimbursed Chuck Norris the following Tuesday for the hamburger he ate that day.
Chuck Norris is actually the front man for Apple. He let's Steve Jobs run the show when he's on a mission. Chuck Norris is always on a mission.
Despite the fact that Chuck Norris doesn't book with Orbitz, they still send him a check when someone else books a hotel for a less.
Kids play jumprope. Chuck Norris plays jumpanaconda.
Chuck Norris only ever broke a sweat once, because it stayed broken.
What doesn't belong on this list: 1)Your wife, 2) your kids, 3) meat, 4)Chuck Norris. Ans: #4 Chuck Norris. You can beat your wife & kids half to death if you want to & you can also beat your own meat. But you can't beat Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was originally cast for the starring role in Jaws, but the shark backed out of the project.
i will kill u all ps usa is now usck:the united states of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is the reason we, as a species, can't have nice things.
Chuck Norris can make a movie with 75 cents and a dirty look.
Chuck Norris is Mysterion.
Chuck Norris can parallel park a tank.
Chuck Norris can set fire to a magnifying glass with an ant.
Chuck Norris' penis has a dorsal fin.
Alf is actually Chuck Norris' detachable walking, talking cat eating penis.
Chuck Norris recently whipped the SHIT outta Quinten Tarantino
Michael Jackson once met Chuck Norris. That night, he went home and wrote "Thriller"
Bono cant find what he is looking for because Chuck Norris found it first
When God said, ''Let there be light''. Chuck Norris said ''Say Please''
Gordon Ramsay said that Chuck Norris' peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are outstanding and suitable for 5 star gourmet restaurants.
The only time Chuck Norris was ever beaten was in a fictional movie, Way Of The Dragon, by Bruce Lee. Both Lee and his son Brandon would later die in mysterious curcumstances. This is not a motherfucking coincidence.
Chuck Norris can tie two cherry trees together using only his tongue.
Chuck Norris is the only man alive that can staple water to a tree
Chuck Norris once killed a T-rex With A lion
If Chuck Norris wore pink bunny slippers, it would be queer not to wear them.
It has been said that Chuck Norris has "the eye of the tiger". He also has the eyes of a badger, a tarantula, a komodo dragon. an octopus, 3 bald eagles and an aardvark. He keeps them all in a Claussen dill pickle jar hidden under his bed for safe keeping.
Chuck Norris taught Robin Thicke how to give women Sex Therapy.
Chuck Norris' car wash mitt is made from Donald Trumps wig, with his head still in it.
Chuck Norris was recently inducted to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame for his superlative rendition of the Iron Butterly hit song, "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" which he sang while playing his hand made dulcimer.
As a young hoodlum, Chuck Norris would often rob people at bazookapoint.
Chuck Norris can pass an eye exam blind folded.
Miley Cyrus was inspired to do Wrecking Ball after actually swinging on one of Chuck Norris's balls.
Chuck Norris puts the "hurt" in yoghurt.
Chuck Norris can exist in two or more places at the same time.
Chuck Norris doesnt have AIDS but he gives it to people anyway.
Chuck Norris knows how many kicks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop: one
A meme ( /&#712;mi&#720;m/; MEEM) is "an idea, behavior or style that spreads from person to person within a culture." A meme acts as a unit for carrying cultural ideas, symbols or practices, which can be transmitted from one mind to another through writing, speech, gestures, rituals or other imitable phenomena. Supporters of the concept regard memes as cultural analogues to genes in that they self-replicate, mutate and respond to selective pressures. The word meme is a shortening (modeled on gene) of mimeme (from Ancient Greek m&#299;m&#275;ma, "something imitated", from mimeisthai, "to imitate", from mimos "mime") and it was coined by the British evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in The Selfish Gene (1976) as a concept for discussion of evolutionary principles in explaining the spread of ideas and cultural phenomena. Examples of memes given in the book included melodies, catch-phrases, fashion and the Chuck Norris.
A cab driver in Paris received a near fatal roundhouse to his face from Chuck Norris. It was Chuck Norris' way of saying Hi in French.
